parliament does not support amendment freeing tymoshenko
today , the ukraine parliament dismissed , within the code of criminal procedure amendment , the motion to revoke an article based on which the opposition leader , yulia tymoshenko , was sentenced .
the amendment that would lead to freeing the imprisoned former prime minister was revoked during second reading of the proposal for mitigation of sentences for economic offences .
in october , tymoshenko was sentenced to seven years in prison for entering into what was reported to be a disadvantageous gas deal with russia .
the verdict is not yet final ; the court will hear tymoshenko &apos;s appeal in december .
tymoshenko claims the verdict is a political revenge of the regime ; in the west , the trial has also evoked suspicion of being biased .
the proposal to remove article 365 from the code of criminal procedure , upon which the former prime minister was sentenced , was supported by 147 members of parliament .
its ratification would require 226 votes .
libya &apos;s victory
the story of libya &apos;s liberation , or rebellion , already has its defeated .
muammar kaddafi is buried at an unknown place in the desert . without him , the war is over .
it is time to define the winners .
as a rule , islamists win in the country ; the question is whether they are the moderate or the radical ones .
the transitional cabinet declared itself a follower of the customary sharia law , of which we have already heard .
libya will become a crime free country , as the punishment for stealing is having one &apos;s hand amputated .
women can forget about emancipation ; potential religious renegades will be executed ; etc .
instead of a dictator , a society consisting of competing tribes will be united by koran .
libya will be in an order we cannot imagine and surely would not ask for .
however , our lifestyle is neither unique nor the best one and would not , most probably , be suitable for , for example , the people of libya .
in fact , it is a wonder that the islamic fighters accepted help from the nonbelievers .
their only excuse is that from their point of view , nato raids were not controlled by an american general , but allah , the greatness of whom they celebrated with each strike .
when winners are sought for in libya , the west is not on the list .
we participated in a shooting , served islam , and our politicians got rid of a dictator , their political ally , without any guarantee of profit .
given the recent bad experience from afghanistan and iraq , we decided against military occupation of libya .
the locals thus do not have to worry about expelling of the &quot; crusaders . &quot;
without the occupation , will the oil companies get libya &apos;s black gold for next to nothing , though ?
it is quite likely that they will not . the west will then finally be able to boast about its selfless protection of human rights .
unless the followers of the sharia law put a stop to that .
new era of crisis commences
france and the rest of europe are now in the investors &quot; spotlight .
a statistical storm blew over europe on tuesday .
individual countries released their 3q gdp data .
between quarters , the czech economy stagnated ; germany and france are growing .
yet the debit market is breaking records today .
investors are no longer looking at only italy ; they now focus on spain , france , austria , and others .
eurozone statistical offices in germany , czech republic , and some other countries , released their preliminary estimates of economic development in the third quarter .
germany &apos;s gdp has grown by the expected 0.5 % ; and france &apos;s by 0.4 % .
both countries also adjusted their second quarter data , where germany did better than expected ( a 0.3 % increase instead of the original 0.1 % ) . france reported a slight decrease , by 0.1 % ( the original information suggested stagnation ) .
in this year &apos;s third quarter , the czech economy showed an interim increase of 1.5 % .
between the quarters though , the gdp stagnated . according to the czech statistical office , this confirmed the trend of a gradual slowing of economic growth .
the results are worse than estimates by analysts .
key events :
in this year &apos;s third quarter , czech economy showed an interim increase of 1.5 % ; however , it stagnated between the quarters .
based on preliminary and seasonal data , in the third quarter , the german economy grew by 0.5 % .
between july and september , the economy of both the eurozone and the european union grew , compared to the previous quarter , by 0.2 % , which corresponds with estimates by analysts .
the greek economy showed an interim decrease of 5.2 % .
the earnings on its 10-year bonds are 28.45 % .
earnings of both italian and spanish bonds are growing towards critical limits .
even austria , netherlands , france , and belgium , etc. are beginning to experience problems .
despite the fact that the situation in the region is getting worse , earnings of czech 1 - year bonds stay under 4 % .
voices are coming from germany , suggesting that ecb be the last resort creditor .
czechs qualified for euro .
in montenegro they won 1 : 0 and celebrate a 200 million windfall .
football representation successfully managed the toughest task of the season !
thanks to both the great čech and beautiful goal of petr jiráček , they won 1 : 0 .
in the second half , czech football was lucky to maintain its luxury lead from the home return match , and will again feature at the european championship .
ihned.cz watched the progress match in a detailed report .
nearly no excitement in the first half , and a great portion of luck in the other .
czech representation team , partially due to the home team &apos;s failure in the close ; the great čech ; and heroic jiráček ; won 1 : 0 in montenegro , and celebrates moving on to the european championship .
perfect czech team defence only allowed the montenegro team to threaten in the second half .
damjanovic and vucinic became the match &apos;s least lucky couple after losing two great opportunities .
the wonderful petr čech is one of the reasons the czech representation team will not miss the next year &apos;s european championship . and czech football will thus gain nearly 200 million czech crowns .
from the opening minutes , the game was very pugnacious .
both teams found it difficult to join in the combination ; the game remained around the mid-field line most of the time .
that was also why there was no pressure from the home team in the first half . long kicks behind the defence were neatly averted by the czech defence .
iranian students are prepared to die for their country &apos;s nuclear program
they created a live shield .
several hundred university students created a live chain around the nuclear power plant in iran .
the gesture is to express their support of their country &apos;s nuclear program against a possible israel attack .
at tuesday noon , students &apos; prayers in front of the building were followed by their chanting of death to both the usa and israel .
in isfahan , iran , several hundred university students created a live chain around isfahan uranium conversion facility .
this way , they express their readiness to protect their country &apos;s nuclear program with their own lives .
in its recent report , the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) stated that everything leads to the conclusion that iran has not stopped striving for a nuclear weapon .
possible attack on iran nuclear facilities has been discussed in israel .
at tuesday noon , students &apos; prayers in front of the entrance into isfahan uranium conversion facility were followed by their chanting of death to both the usa and israel .
in case of an attack , aimed at the highest possible paralysation of the iranian nuclear program , the targets would be , based on israel press , the facilities in both isfahan and natanz , where the uranium is being enriched .
an obese child &apos;s diet : no breakfast and sausage for dinner
over a third of children between 9 and 13 are overweight ; while 9 % of schoolchildren are overweight , 5 % are obese .
as a recent research shows , obese children usually come from families with unhealthy lifestyle .
again , we can see the importance of the environment and models surrounding a human being for his or her healthy development .
for example , sausages occur up to half more frequently on the tables of obese children compared to the families of children with standard weight .
over 19 % of obese children had fried chips for dinner the day before the research connected to the educational event called obesity is no accident .
moreover , the families of obese children do not practise sports . however , this concerns a majority of families of current schoolchildren - only 15 % of the children said their parents find time for sports activities at least once a week .
the research was performed among 900 children .
the research took place at the end of last year &apos;s school year ; it included almost 900 elementary school children from throughout bohemia .
it was the second year of the obesity is no accident event supported by both všeobecná zdravotní pojišťovna insurance company and unilever .
so far , the project has been joined by over 12 thousand school children from 4th to 8th grades .
proper diet and sufficient sports activities represent key defining factors causing dramatically growing number of children who are either overweight or obese .
&quot; for example , only half of those inquired said they have five meals a day , in the breakfast-snack-lunch-snack-dinner pattern , one of the basic preconditions of correct diet , &quot; one of the results of the research says .
no lunch and sausage in the evening
experts warn that even relative details are crucial for healthy development ; such as a regular time of family breakfast .
in the czech republic , only 23 % of schoolchildren &apos;s families have breakfast together .
in a majority of families , everyone has breakfast separately .
the worst discovery was the fact that in one tenth of households people do not have breakfast at all .
yet breakfast is the core of proper daily diet .
a survey has shown that fries are consumed more often in the families of obese children .
nearly everyone - regardless of their weight - drinks sweet soft drinks every day ( 70 % ) .
though over 40 % of children do sports regularly , the number drops down to less than a half - 15 % - when it comes to their parents .
compose your own menu
another part of the survey allowed selected children ( 204 boys and 172 girls from 13 schools ) to compose their own menu based on selection offered and their taste and opinions .
&quot; diet preferences of czech children between 12 and 15 are far from ideal as regards healthy diet . &quot;
their favourite meals include large number of flour , meat , and sweet dishes .
&quot; especially alarming is the high popularity of sweet soft drinks , &quot; the final report of the survey concludes .
as the main dish for lunch , pasta won very tightly over poultry .
however , children showed very little interest in legumes , fish , and vegetable lunches .
tendency towards health
the survey also showed that children are willing to adjust their eating habits provided they are given correct information .
&quot; many participants from the survey control group showed a significant shift of preferences towards healthy food when completing a questionnaire after the end of the obesity is no accident educational lecture , &quot; project results show .
this was quite significant , for example , in case of sweet soft drinks , where more children would begin to prefer plain water .
in addition , for their main course , children ticked poultry and fish more often , limiting sweet meals and dumplings .
a stylist must also be a good psychologist , professionals claim
in the opening article on stylist training , i was complaining a bit about the amount of information in the introductory lessons .
i had no idea what was coming .
lectures by three experts from the field ; dressing tips for difficult figures ; and a seminar on how it works in practise .
and more is yet to come .
the closer we get to the final exam , the more information and practical tasks await .
the training takes place every saturday and sunday , but it is really packed with information .
this time , together with alenka , the director , ( there is not a single man in the course ) we discussed how to dress a woman whose body is not in perfect symmetry .
a majority of women are not perfectly symmetrical .
one has a short neck , the other has a boyish figure without proper curves , yet another is overweight .
a stylist must know how to optically soften wide shoulders , make the neck look longer , or add the curves necessary .
we were given tips on how to accentuate the figure of women such as jennifer lopez , i.e. with bigger breasts and hips and narrow waist , and not to dress them too provocatively .
for example , if the difference between the waist and hips is such that the skirt or trousers do not fit , it is worth to have at least one piece custom-made .
you will definitely not regret the investment , as perfectly fitting clothes are priceless .
in a custom-made skirt , you will feel much better than in one that keeps shifting , rolling up , sticking out in your waist , etc .
boyish figures , on the other hand , can wear clothes with ruffling , appliqué , embroidery , or shirring .
given the abundance of such information and figure types , i am glad to have a whole week to sort it all out in my head .
still , i fear it is too much , with regard to the homework we were given .
each of the course participants was given a celebrity to create two outfits for : day and night .
we must consider their current appearance , their fashion style , and figure type .
i am to dress miranda kerr whom you may know from the victoria &apos;s secret campaigns .
inside i rejoice , as she is so much easier to dress than , say , britney spears , christina aguilera , who has recently gained about a ton ( please , understand i am exaggerating ) , or the very young selena gomez .
we must cut the clothes out of magazines or find them on the internet and print and graphically process them .
moodboard , as the result is called , then expresses our personal style and attitude to graphic depiction .
it is important to think about the graphic part of styling .
a stylist does not just dress physical people , but creates product pages in magazines ( based on specific instructions , for example , trendy purses , coats , etc . ) .
this is what a stylist and designer , mario kameník , was telling us about .
but that was not until sunday .
a stylist needs general knowledge
saturday &apos;s lecture , filled with information on figure types , was livened up by three guests from the field .
a stylist , honza pokorný ; a fashion designer , jakub polanka ; and a fashion photographer , ben renč .
jakub reminded us that fashion is an illusion , and a stylist should be able to use this fact .
a good stylist can work with a single piece of clothing in different ways .
in this case , variability is key .
for example , a trench coat may be worn in the standard way , over jeans and t-shirt , as a coat ; but it may also be worn on naked body , with step-ins , as a dress .
another option is rolling up the sleeves or collar , and the entire look changes completely .
&quot; play with it , &quot; he emphasised .
however , i appreciated the following advice the most : &quot; for your work , you need to know the rules perfectly . &quot;
&apos;then you can start breaking them , &apos; jakub told us .
here i finally understood why we drill all the definitions and rules of what to combine with what and why , while in fashion magazines we often see something else .
not to mention fashion shows .
from ben , the photographer , i learned that a stylist must have more outfit versions prepared than the number he is to take pictures of .
so , for a ten-page fashion story ( equals ten outfits ) , i have to be ready to create at least fifteen of them .
now i also know that in the picture , a piece of clothing often looks and functions in combination with others completely different from reality .
we must therefore take that into consideration when creating an outfit .
honza pokorný confirmed that image and style often are half the success .
just look at madonna , who is no miraculous singer , yet her image and marketing turned her into a worldwide star .
the attitude towards stylist services is still rather cold in the czech republic .
even famous people often consider it redundant ( believing it is sufficient to be good at something , and how they look at it comes second ) .
and if someone finally lets us create their styling , then we should expect them to give us different ( smaller ) size than what they really wear .
then , we are left to google and find out if the tabloids wrote something about a celebrity gaining / losing weight , etc .
on sunday , both honza and mario were stressing the fact that for a stylist it is not enough to know about fashion and be able to create an outfit .
our work chiefly consists of communicating with people we dress ; it is therefore important to be a good psychologist .
to be able to estimate people , not to pander , and stick to one &apos;s opinion .
&quot; if a manager asks you to go through her clothes and add some nice pieces , you cannot throw out her entire wardrobe telling her how awful the clothes are . &quot;
&quot; find at least a few pieces you can praise , and recommend what to wear them with &quot; mario says .
he also showed us what specifically a duty bag must contain .
that is the bag you fasten around your waist to carry all the props you need .
aside from the obvious things , such as scissors , a sticky roller , or safety pins , it should have a nylon thread ( for the stylist to use when taking pictures of products such as purses or hats ) , special clip-ons for holding the clothes in the back in case it is too large ( pins and similar things are forbidden as they damage the clothes ) , or a sewing set .
to have some change from listening , and gain some practical experience , we learned how to properly underlay shoe soles .
even when taking photographs in a studio where the surface is even , the soles might get damaged - not to mention shooting outside .
and so we were sticking away .
you must not touch the shoes with the scissors , to avoid any damage .
this requires real skill .
mario pleased me by praising my job .
the skills mentioned are really not my cup of tea .
this is just a fragment of what we heard during the second weekend course session .
i am beginning to realise that to be a professional stylist is no piece of cake , no matter what people say .
v need for speed : the run takes place across america .
review
an originally carefree ride turned into a routine morning drive to work because of a series of completely superfluous and sloppy mistakes .
the ambitions were met to a certain point , but it does not matter since nobody obviously wanted to do any extra work .
before it was released , the new version subtitled the run created high expectations .
it promised to shift the old need for speed racing series in a new direction ; the demos made it look like a game that might stand up in the action racing genre .
we were curious to see the sections where the main character gets out of the car and runs .
typical for the nfs series though , in the end many things are different from what we expected .
the game represents a possibly decent arcade race , but the whole is burdened by several unnecessary mistakes featured in the series for a number of years .
this means they are not really mistakes , but the expression of an incomprehensible laziness of the developers .
the adventure opens very well .
you are introduced into a story , where the main character , jack , decides to solve some personal issues by participating in an illegal race across america .
you get in the car on the west coast , in san francisco , and your task is to be the first one to reach new york .
the idea brings several interesting features .
the route is divided into ten stages , subdivided into over fifty races .
this means each race takes place on a different route , and given stages are set in varied and interesting environments .
one thus does not feel the game keeps offering the same things .
despite the graphics being on the same level of previous parts of the series , some of the environments are very nice to look at .
still , it is nothing world-shattering .
driving through the desert , autumnal countryside , or high in snow-covered mountains is visually very pleasant though .
in addition , the races are , from time to time , enlivened by an untypical feature .
for example , in the desert , you get into a sandstorm , significantly decreasing the visibility .
on the other hand , in the mountains , you have to be careful not to get under an avalanche .
individual races are ordered fairly well .
there are just a few types , but it is sufficient .
for a while , you try to overtake a number of competitors ( basically a regular race ) ; then you try to beat the time ( standard stopwatch race ) ; or you are in a duel with a single rival .
on top of everything else you sometimes come across the police who make your efforts more difficult .
the parts outside the car are new .
they are just interactive animations , where most of the time jack is running away from someone and you need to help him by pressing the right buttons at the right time .
nothing difficult .
it is a surprise though , that these parts are much less in number than you would expect ( just three to be precise ) .
it actually turns out to be good for the game , because this feature does not get to be boring ; within what was already said , it is one of the things that make the game more entertaining .
the driving model follows the footsteps of the previous parts .
this means that it is nothing special anymore , but it cannot be considered a negative .
if you are looking for a real-to-life simulation , you will have to look elsewhere .
still , this driving model is fully suitable for the action style racing , even though we could find better at the competition .
so far , everything is just right .
however , after some time , problems come .
in contrast with the driving model , the collision model is not that good .
from a game of this type , one does not expect complicated deformations and collisions , but when you have no idea , before crashing into any object , how your car will act , something is not right .
typically , when overtaking or passing cars tightly in common traffic , you sometimes lightly touch the other car . yet sometimes in nearly identical situation your car ends up in wild pirouettes .
or , crashed completely .
this is not such a big deal due to the restart system , but is enough to spoil the fun .
the restarts are done so that if you crash or get far off the track , the game takes you back to the last interrupted point .
nevertheless , there are only five restarts available per each race .
if you use them up , you have to start the race from the beginning .
this makes it an aid in case something does not work out , but you cannot rely on it completely .
sometimes the restarts are not enough and you need to learn a given section of the race by heart .
a significant shortcoming of the game is the fact that the same things often happen in the same places .
for example , some turns have to be driven through in a specific way , otherwise you simply do not fit in .
at other times you meet civilian cars at a given place in the very same configuration , no matter if you come first , fifth , five seconds earlier , or one minute later .
this is especially annoying in situations where you can see how your rival drives through the two cars coming in the opposite direction so easily , while when you get there , the cars are already positioned so that you have to either drive around or slow down .
it makes no difference when you get to them ; everything is set so that the situation always occurs just in front of your nose .
the competitors have other advantages , too .
while playing the game , you find several places , where , regardless of time , the same competitor overtakes you at the very same spot .
this is most obvious at the end of the game , on a long bridge , where you are driving in the opposite direction .
obviously , your rival has to get in front of you no matter what .
the thing is that when he is driving in front of you , he makes your vision worse , which causes you to crash the car a few times in the section .
one can understand the attempt at making the game more interesting and adrenalin-filled , but it is so obvious it gets annoying quickly .
it &apos;s a pity , because despite the simple driving model , the game is entertaining and sometimes even so full of action you do not have time to pay attention to what is happening around you .
it is not important whether the reason you do not get bored is the concept with fifty unique tracks , ordering of races , or something else .
the idea of changing cars during races is unusual .
you have to watch out for gas stations along the way , as that is where you car may change despite the fact that in most of the cases the one you have is fully sufficient .
cars are divided into three categories .
sports cars are suitable for cities ; strong american cars for straight highway sections ; and exotic supersports cars for technical driving , such as along crooked mountain tracks .
the key story mode is closely connected with the challenge mode ; these are the races in individual locations you know from the story .
here , you gain both medals and experience points for your profile , common for both challenges and the story .
various features unlock fir getting a higher driver level : starting with cars and ending with profile backgrounds .
again , the profile is interconnected with an on-line autolog function , which , among other things , compares the results you have reached with those of other players , and ensures community functions .
yet another setback difficult to understand ; is the situation from the last race in the story .
you and your car get into a subway tunnel ( let &apos;s say you do ) , where you speed down the tracks in the darkness ( let &apos;s say you do ) .
your speedometer shows numbers from 150 to 200 km / h ( let &apos;s say it does ) , when suddenly , a subway train comes running down from behind you , turning your car into a pile of scrap metal .
for several days , our editorial staff kept discussing whether when designing the game no one thought for a moment or whether its authors really think we are such morons .
the technical part of the game is nothing extraordinary ; but the overall visual impression is mostly pleasant , sometimes even great .
it is a pity though , that in some dramatic moments , the recording , in some cases rather tragically , decreases .
this especially concerns accidents with large number of participants , where fluent recoding would not help you much anyway .
the sound is all right ; the soundtrack is a matter of taste .
in order to please the widest possible young audience , the soundtrack is &apos; flecked in from all quarters &apos; ; but there probably will not be many people buying the game because of its music .
overall impression of need for speed : the run is quite confused .
if the game avoided those clearly redundant mistakes , we could sincerely say that the run is the best part of nfs for the past several years .
however , the game feels unfinished .
it surely is a nice entertainment , but prepare to be blinded by the mistakes with the strength of airport spotlights .
uk &apos;s choirs will sing at the students for velvet concert
the third year of the festa academia festival offers joining the international students &apos; day and velvet revolution anniversary with a musical event .
it will introduce about twenty high school and university choirs .
the main focus of the festival is on two concerts taking place on november 17 .
&quot; charles university has been greatly involved in the festival . &quot;
&quot; participating choirs include the choir of the pedagogical department and humanities ; václav hampl , the rector , will be in the committee , &quot; jakub čaloun , head of the organisation team says .
the climax will be a free public concert by high school choirs , which takes place at 2 p.m. , on november 17 , at a plaza in front of the national technical library in dejvice .
celebration jazz mass , a piece by an important czech jazzman , karel růžička is on the programme .
in the evening , in the ceremonial national house in vinohrady , there will be a &quot; students for velvet &quot; concert , featuring university choirs , including those from the charles university .
the aim of festa academica is to celebrate the international students &quot; day and commemorate the 22nd anniversary of the velvet revolution with dignity ; as well as to present the public with top quality choir music , and to develop creative cooperation among young people .
the chief organiser is českých pěveckých sborů ( czech choirs ) in cooperation with jan kepler &apos;s grammar school .
the entire event is under the auspices of bohuslav svoboda , lord mayor of prague , and václav hampl , rector of charles university .
the festival takes place from november 16 to 20 , in prague and pardubice .
the programme offers both ceremonial concerts and numerous musical meetings , students &quot; happenings , matinées , and more .
for detailed information please visit festival web pages at : www.festaacademica.cz
eu ambassadress vicenová :
czechs have the reputation of being negative and euro-sceptical
&quot; lisbon treaty caused significant imbalance between individual institutions . &quot;
&quot; i did not expect it to be such a tough war . &quot;
&quot; it will take five or six years before the situation becomes somewhat stable , calm , and before all players get used to their new roles , &quot; eu ambassadress milena vicenová opened her lecture at the law department sharply .
she proved how true she is to her &quot; clearly and openly about europe &quot; motto in the very first part of her lecture , where she described individual eu organs and the relationships between them in such a clear and intelligible , way that many lecturers from the uk law dept. could be jealous .
moreover , vicenová praised the work of new long-term president of the european council , herman van rompuy :
&quot; at first , critics said he was plain , a grey office mouse who cannot fulfil any roles ; i have to say everyone was amazed at how wonderfully he acquitted his role . &quot;
&quot; he is a person who can listen to all twenty-seven member states , communicate with them perfectly , and who has a clear vision of where the eu should be headed . &quot;
she explained her new position of foreign affairs and security policy representative as a reply to a question : &quot; who is the european union ? which phone number should i call ? &quot; ; i.e. as an important step to unification and better clarity of union &apos;s policy towards countries such as china or india .
no one wants to ban our cheese specialties
vicenová further focused on the agenda crucial for the eu in the past , present , and near future .
she described czech presidency from the year before last as a success .
czechs were dealing with the coming financial crisis ; they solved the as crisis ; and organised the east partnership summit .
she said the fall of the government at the time was a great negative causing significant damage to the czech republic .
currently , czech representatives in the eu has been very busy .
as the ambassadress said , both the presidency and the following financial crisis caused an ongoing stirring .
in addition , a new seven-year eu budget needs to be passed , which is very complicated due to the current crisis .
whether the budget will be slim and frugal ; which fields will be given preference ; which countries will be supported more and which less ; all of that is on the coming agenda .
the ambassadress reminded the key slogans she took to brussels : &quot; about europe , clearly . &quot;
&quot; i really do not like all the abbreviations , foreign words , and jargon no one understands .
how are citizens supposed to understand that in brussels , people are not trying to come up with crooked or round cucumbers , different size bananas , or that someone wants to ban our cheese specialties . &apos; 
she also wants to use the eu environment better , and get more czechs into european institutions .
multispeed europe is coming
the ambassadress says czechs are said to be euro-sceptics ; as well as people noticing the negative rather than the positive sides of things .
she wishes more czech representatives were involved in european institutions .
she thinks numerous factors are to blame : for example , the modesty of our candidates and their inability to write motivation letters ; together with low support from the czech side .
along with the success of czech presidency , she highlighted the power and cooperation of the visegrad group .
&quot; believe me that when i meet someone from poland and hungary , and a slovak is coming to join us , the frenchman next to me says : &quot; hey , what &apos;s that gathering about , is that the visegrad group again ? &apos; and he is not happy about it in the slightest . &apos; 
in the union &apos;s future , vicenová expects mainly new strict rules for the budget policy of member states .
rather than a new european federation , she finds the concept of two-speed , if not multi-speed europe , very realistic .
&quot; we have both countries inside and outside the eurozone . &quot;
&quot; we have schengen area , and we already have an institute of reinforced cooperation . &quot;
&quot; for the first time it was said that the countries who want are to cooperate , while those who are not willing can stand off . &quot;
&quot; the number of such institutes will be growing ; it will be a highly two-speed europe , &quot; vicenová expects .
in this regard , she appreciated the roles of both the czech republic and herman van rompuy in pushing forward the rule based on which , all topics influencing the entire eu should be negotiated by all member states , and not just those belonging into the eurozone .
brand story :
the imb innovator starts the second century of its existence
should someone search for the word that would best express the imb strategy , the closest one would probably be &quot; long-term . &quot;
to the wide public , imb is a symbol of technological revolution ; the company is seen as a highly temporary one , yet it was founded over a hundred years ago .
the company &apos;s durability goes back to its first boss , a visionary , thomas j. watson sr.
he believed in his motto saying that numerous world problems can be easily solved if people are willing to think .
his motto : &apos; think ! &apos; thus become an imprint around which the life of the future giant would unfold ( as well as the name of its internal magazine that imb started to publish in 1935 ) .
moreover , it was the foundation of company culture watson was building carefully .
&quot; for us in imb , long-term thinking means continuous movement towards the future .
imb survived and flourished for a hundred years , because it remained true to its original values , while it was not afraid to change everything around itself .
during our first century , this allowed us to transform the technology , business , and the company .
in the second century , we hope to be able to achieve even more , &quot; says current company director , samuel j. palmisano , on the occasion of the anniversary .
sophisticated system
in the 1930s , watson approached employee care similarly to baťa in the czech republic - people from imb were among the first american employees to have a paid holiday , insurance from their employer , an elegant uniform , and a sophisticated system of bonuses for the best inventors and businessmen .
just as sophisticated is ibm &apos;s long-term relationship with customers .
from the very beginning , the company was brilliant in exploiting talented people . it was one of the first world companies to abolish all discrimination , which rendered it with great selection .
consistent with the anti-discrimination strategy is the current plan expecting a woman , virginia rometty , to take over after palmisano next year .
she has been working in imb for thirty years ; she is currently a director of sales , marketing , and strategy .
in the last few years , imb has been organising jams , on-line brainstorming sessions , from which many future strategies and innovations arise .
it is no surprise that the ideas are plentiful - the company employs nearly half a million people .
institution with a good reputation
company &apos;s strong business position is ensured by its strong internal and external image .
&quot; from the beginning , the concept of ibm was that of an institution rather than a technology company , &apos; a harvard business school professor and author of a book about ibm , rosabeth moss kanter , told the economist .
&quot; ibm is not a technology firm ; it is a company that helps to solve business problems using technology , &quot; george colony of forrester research consultation company adds .
as the company itself says , there is a difference between entering a market and creating it .
during the hundred years , imb , or the &quot; big blue , &quot; as it is called in the us because of its logo , has grown into one of the largest companies in the world .
it seems to be the most universal technology company - developing hardware and software ; infrastructure ; hosting ; and consultation services within a range from servers to nanotechnologies .
it holds the most patents of all american technology companies ; five of its employees were awarded the nobel price .
its inventions include , for example , the cash point , pay card , financial swap , bar code , and floppy disc .
with about 220 billion dollars , based on market capitalisation , ibm has become the second largest technology company ( apple being number one ) this year , overrunning microsoft for the first time since 1996 .
view ahead
not all of its products fitted the taste of both the customers and period . for example , ibm failed with its own operating system os / 2 ; prodigy on-line services ; and ibm pcjr computers .
&quot; if your business is defined by movement forward , you cannot be emotionally attached to the past , &apos; says samuel j. palmisano .
that is why ibm easily builds its foundations on many platforms - if they do not work , it leaves them .
this is how it differs from , for example , its competitor , microsoft , which basically stands and falls on windows , its operating system .
perspective technology
ibm &apos;s revenues chiefly consist of services , about one fifth for each comes from software and hardware .
while in 1990 , with over a half share , it was the strongest hardware representative .
since 2000 , ibm has sold low profitable assets worth 15 billion dollars . during the same time , it has invested 58 billion dollars into purchasing of perspective technologies .
it has continued the investments even after 2008 , when the modern economic crisis first hit the world .
ibm follows the legacy of its first director , thomas j. watson , who increased the amount of investments during the great depression .
so far , imb seems to be getting through the current crisis without any harm .
since the beginning of 2008 , the price of ibm &apos;s shares has grown by remarkable 120 per cent ; company &apos;s net earnings have been growing continuously .
ibm &apos;s company motto is to change everything , except for its values .
we may therefore expect that even if another crisis comes , this flexible giant will manage .
ibm history : from cheese cutter to space travel
ibm ( international business machines ) was founded in new york , a hundred years ago . its original name &quot; computing tabulating recording corporation &quot; was quite complicated .
it took the name of ibm in 1924 . originally , this was a brand used for company &apos;s branches in canada and south america .
foundations for the later ibm were laid by a merger of four companies , the history of which goes back to the 1880s .
they owned technologies such as the legendary &quot; time clock , &quot; i.e. a clock recording the time when employees arrive and leave work .
the architect of the new company was a businessman , charles ranlett flint , who , until 1930 , also presided over the company &apos;s board of trustees .
flint hired a director of a competing company , thomas j. watson , to help him with company management .
the leader then put the ibm &apos;s founder in the shade - watson &apos;s ideas remain the base for invincible company culture and identity .
watson led the company until 1952 .
ibm , as its name suggests , started by producing and selling various business machines - from meat and cheese cutters to cash registers .
during the first four years of watson &apos;s leadership , the revenue doubled to nine million dollars , and company &apos;s vast expansion into all continents commenced .
watson became so essential for the company , that after nearly forty years , his position in the director &apos;s chair was taken by his son , thomas watson junior .
under his leadership , ibm started to develop artificial intelligence and created the first programming language .
in 1960s , both people and computers from ibm helped nasa control space flights - to mercury , saturn , and in 1969 , man &apos;s flight to the moon .
meanwhile , in 1964 , ibm developed the first computer family - the ibm line system / 360 .
the classic pc that defined the computer standards of the period , called ibm 5150 , came to the market in 1981 .
twenty years later , ibm sold computer production to a chinese company , lenovo , while buying the consultant division of pricewaterhousecoopers , and thus commenced its full focus on consulting and high added value services .
in the past three years , ibm has been highly successful with its smarter planet concept .
its goal is both smart exploitation of technologies in areas that have not yet been planned for and improving the situation in traffic or town management .
for commerce , ibm has recently introduced a smarter commerce platform that helps businessmen control the whole commerce cycle .
ibm &apos;s history is strong even in our country .
in former czechoslovakia , as the first country in both central and eastern europe , ibm founded its branch in 1932 .
today , ibm cz also runs a strategic outsourcing centre in brno .
the headquarters for both central and eastern europe resides in prague , where there also is a world level research team focusing on voice recognition .
rychtářová about her unfaithful husband :
iveto , keep the fool , i don &apos;t want him anymore !
darina rychtářová ( 53 ) said it is over !
after her husband , josef rychtář ( 53 ) , became both the bodyguard and lover of iveta bartošová ( 45 ) , darina still hoped he would wake up and come back home .
however , she does not want to wait any longer , and set clear rules for her future life .
&quot; pepa may return home , but no longer as my partner , &quot; rychtářová explained .
when darina rychtářová provided shelter for bartošová in her house in summer , she probably had not the slightest idea of what was going to happen to her marriage .
even though she had iveta move out of říčany 30 days later , pepa would not leave the singer .
moreover , he publically admitted he loved her .
after some time , darina resigned , pretended to accept her husband &apos;s affair ; and now she gave him her final goodbye .
rychytář does not care who his wife sleeps with
even if one day rychtář and bartošová would split up , his wife will not welcome him with open arms .
&quot; he is the biological father to my sons and if he wants to spend his last days in our house , no one will chase him out . &quot;
&quot; however , he will complete his days not as my beloved , lost and found old fool , but as a person i have certain bonds to , &quot; rychtářová said , adding she had already disengaged herself from her husband and only insists on mutual decency .
so far , josef does not mind that his wife closed the hind gate on him .
&quot; i respect my wife &apos;s decision . &quot;
&quot; i will be with iveta , and i don &apos;t mean to change that . &quot;
&quot; my wife decided for marriage on paper , and i respect it . &quot;
&quot; our company still operates ; i am in charge of repairs , garden , the house , and shopping . &quot;
&quot; darina and i communicate in a completely normal way , only we do not share our bed anymore , &quot; rychtář said for blesk .
he claims that if rychtářová found a new love , he would not stand in her way .
&quot; we don &apos;t sleep together , and i don &apos;t care where she goes , with whom , and if she has a boyfriend .
i know it &apos;s my fault , i fell in love with iveta , and i accept full responsibility , &quot; josef concluded .
the worst feminine habits : do they concern you ?
when you ask men to name some typical bad habits women have , they usually come up with all of them in an instant .
dear ladies , do you recognise yourself in the lines to follow , describing several women &apos;s habits that make the men see red ?
shopping
does your other half complain you are addicted to shopping ?
do you need to buy at least one piece of clothing a week ?
do you like shopping , in mass sales ?
if so , then your shopping may be seen as bad habit .
some women recognise they should somewhat control their passion for shopping .
still , who of you could resist walking through clothes shops looking for well fitting clothes and then trying them all ( ideally , in various colour versions ) in the changing rooms ?
shopping may be a hobby for a majority of women , but for men , it may become absolute hell .
just remember how many times you have told your other half to wait for you outside ...
permanent dissatisfaction
&quot; am i too fat ? &quot;
&quot; i need to lose at least five kilos - should i start doing some exercise ? &quot;
&quot; are you still attracted to me ? &quot;
do you find these sentences familiar ?
you do ?
then , you belong to the group of women obsessed by their appearance .
not that you should stop looking after yourself , but many men are literary allergic to their partners &quot; constant complaints about their looks .
the stronger sex also agrees that the higher the frequency of such complaints , the more annoying women are .
order and cleanliness first
it is like a never ending story .
cleaning the windows , vacuuming , wiping the floors , dusting , scrubbing the bathtub - at least twice a week .
do you blame your partner for stepping onto the clean tiles in dirty shoes ; your children for messing up a clean sink and leaving fingerprints over the glass pane in the living room that was so difficult to clean ?
in case you suffer from this &quot; deviation , &quot; try to realise that no extremes are good ; and that within your family , order and cleanliness should not go first .
this harmless desire for cleanliness may threaten your relationships , as well as the entire family .
bossing about
&quot; throw the underwear into the bin . &quot;
&quot; do you plan to wear the dirty socks tomorrow ? &quot;
&quot; wet dishtowels do not belong on the floor . &quot;
if you boss your partner around several times a day , he may find it very annoying .
naturally , you mean well , you just want everything to be perfect .
maybe , if men realised that , women would not have to boss them around so much ...
gossiping
some women love gossiping , offending , and plotting against others .
women are focused on relationships , which is why they like to discuss who , where , who with , how , and why .
every now and then , probably each of us releases a gossip here or there .
let &apos;s be frank , this is probably the nature all women .
however , there are tougher gossips , women who enjoy frequent gossiping and despise everyone . they are , especially within a female work team , very dangerous for their surroundings .
assists of jágr and voráček helped philadelphia &apos;s victory
during monday &apos;s nhl match , hockey forward , jaromír jágr &apos;s two assists helped philadelphia &apos;s victory 5 : 3 on carolina &apos;s ice . again , he leads the productivity of czech players in the game .
in both cases , claude giroux , used the experience of a thirty-nine year old star ; he added an extra pass and was announced best player of the match .
two assists in the match also belonged to jágr &apos;s team-mate , jakub voráček .
after the match , jágr told the overseas journalists he had predicted a great evening for giroux .
&quot; i told him before the match he would score a hat-trick . &quot;
&quot; i felt it . &quot;
&quot; you sometimes feel such things , &quot; explained jágr , after whose action giroux scored a goal on the first flyers &quot; shot .
a little bit later , second score for the team bore czech traces too .
the trailing hurricanes &apos; voráček won the puck and presented it to maxim talbot , who scored between the circles .
a second before the first break , a home player , patrick dwyer , narrowed the lead in a power-play , but the beginning of the second part was led by flyers again .
specifically by giroux .
after assist with jágr , he scored the third goal ; consequently , his shot was touched into a fourth goal by wayne simmonds .
&quot; i love playing with him . &quot;
&quot; i don &apos;t ; want to say he &apos;s the best league player , but he &apos;s definitely among the best three , &quot; said jágr , complimenting his center .
&quot; i never thought that at the end of my career i would play with a hockey player like him . &quot;
&quot; it makes me happy . &quot;
&quot; i want to assist him . &quot;
&quot; all those years in nhl , my team-mates tried to assist me , and now its reversing , &quot; jágr added .
carolina made the match more dramatic with tuomo ruutu and dwyer &apos;s goal from a penalty shot , making it a single goal difference .
further complications were avoided by matt read who increased the difference to two points .
&quot; pronger did great in our zone . &quot;
&quot; he poked out the puck , i gained speed , and read went on to the more distant pole . &quot;
&quot; i aimed at him , and i &apos;m glad it worked , &quot; voráček described his view of the last goal of the match .
its victory moved philadelphia onto the top of the eastern conference .
czech montreal defenseman , jaroslav špaček , did not finish the match with buffalo ; he left in the second period due to an upper body injury .
along with the experienced back , the candiens lost their two-goal lead and lost 2 : 3 after a penalty shoot-out .
tomáš plekanec failed to score on one of their raids .
more than lost points , the home trainer was sorry for high sick rate in the back , as the match was finished with just five defenders .
&quot; the situation is bad . &quot;
&quot; we finished the match with just one experienced player , the rest were young men . &quot;
&quot; however , there is nothing we can do about that , we just have to face it , &quot; jacques martin said .
&quot; substitution by substitution , it was overwhelming and we couldn &apos;t resist . &quot;
&quot; we should have made the game simpler , moving the puck out of our zone . &quot;
&quot; that was our weakness , &quot; a defender , p. k. subban added .
with thirty interventions , czech goalie , ondřej pavelec , helped winnipeg &apos;s 5 : 2 victory over tampa bay .
jets &quot; goals , which interrupted a five-match series of losses , were shared by five different scorers .
development of trip prices since 1989
until 1989 , only five state travel agencies were allowed in the former czechoslovakia : čedok , sporturist , ckm , rekrea , and autoturist .
as travelling to the west was strictly limited , travel agencies of the time mostly sold tours to the socialist block countries .
for their holiday , czech tourists thus went to the sea to the german democratic republic ; soviet union ( sochi , crimea near the black sea ) ; bulgaria ; romania ( both to the black sea ) ; and hungary ( balaton ) .
the only exception was the period from 1962 to 1972 , when we had the opportunity to travel to yugoslavia . nevertheless , the yugoslavian regime turned west , which caused significant limitations to trips to yugoslavia for czech tourists .
a great paradox of the socialistic period was that citizens of the socialist block ( i.e. czechoslovaks too ) were not allowed free individual travel within the socialist countries .
if a czechoslovak citizen wanted to travel , as an individual , to , for example , the soviet union or poland , an invitation letter from the country was necessary ; otherwise , individual travel was impossible .
at the time , travel agencies would offer some trips to the west , but one either had to stand in a line overnight , with a sleeping bag or have some &quot; good friends &quot; in the agency .
still , that was not all .
a foreign currency assurance was essential for travels to the west . it was not granted to politically unreliable people , who were not allowed to travel at all .
czechoslovakian currency was not freely convertible ; without the currency assurance , it was not possible to obtain financial means ( western currency ) for travelling west .
most often , czechs spent their holiday at home , which resulted in great number of cottages and summer houses , a habit that survives until now .
since 1989 , czech tourism thus experienced a real revolution .
while until 1989 , a holiday in the gdr or bulgaria was the climax of our travels , last year , czechs spent 4.5 million holidays in countries all over the world .
a great paradox we do not realise anymore is that until 1989 , we could not freely visit the currently most popular croatia , as it was part of former yugoslavia .
right at the beginning of 1990 , visa requirements for neighbouring west european countries were cancelled . this started a huge wave of short-term visits of chiefly vienna and germany .
czechoslovaks could not get enough of travelling to the west . everyone wanted to go there for at least a moment .
for example , in paris , czech tours slept in parks in tents , because their income at the time was not enough to pay for a hotel or a pension .
a typical feature of czech tourism then was bringing their own food ( cans , salami , etc . ) to save money .
another important moment was the introduction of freely convertible czech crown . after decades , our tourists thus finally able to freely buy western currencies .
our living standards and average income were growing , which , around 1997 , resulted in another important moment .
since 1997 , increased demand allowed travel agencies to prepare regular trips by charter airlines . compared to the past , air trips thus became unbelievably cheap due to the ability to order quantity discounts .
by the end of 1990s , czechs did not need visa for visiting nearly all developed world countries , except for the usa . this made our travelling even easier .
the next significant event in the history of after revolution travelling came in 2000 . high demand resulted in the historically first direct charter flight from the czech republic to an exotic country , thailand .
since then , direct charter flights take czech tourists to warm exotic countries . this winter , flights from the czech republic will reach twelve exotic destinations .
currently about 100 thousand czechs visit exotic countries every year !
yet another important event of this period , symbolising our development after the revolution , came in 2008 .
on november 17 , 2008 , the usa removed visa requirements for czech tourists . our country has thus permanently joined the world &apos;s most developed countries .
for the first time in history , in 2008 czechs spent more than a half of their holidays abroad ( 50.3 % ) ; and for the first time in history , they spent over 15 thousand crowns per person per holiday abroad , including their costs at the destination .
general meeting should find a president , mate threat returns
for nearly five months , czech football has had no president . there exists a risk that ivan hašek &apos;s successor , the head of czech republic &apos;s football association ( fačr ) will not be known even after another extraordinary general meeting , which is to take place in nymburk on thursday .
there is still no agreement as to which election rules to follow .
without it , voting for the three candidates will not start .
jindřich rajchl , miroslav pelta , and tomáš paclík are eager to lead czech football .
hašek resigned from his function in june . when leaving , he called to his colleagues to unite and find a strong personality who would lead football in the future .
however , hašek &apos;s era sees football back in quarrels between both association chambers , unable to agree on a common candidate .
this was fully shown on september 16 , when a new president was to be chosen .
general meeting delegates wasted their trip to the national house in prague , smíchov , as the negotiations remained blocked , not just regarding the election method .
no agreement was reached as to who is entitled to vote at the general meeting - whether the statutory representatives only , or also officials given power of attorney .
this single point has been partially settled since , thanks to a recommendation of the institute of state and law , according to which representation based on power of attorney is not possible .
arguments concerning the election rules continue , though .
the executive board has not been of much help either , though at its meetings , both regular and extraordinary , it is mostly preoccupied by this issue .
the view of election options has changed several times , but the key point remains the same .
the question is : how to proceed in the 3rd round to avoid mate ?
&quot; the argument is based on whether to follow the by-laws or to find another model , &quot; says one of the three fačr vice-presidents , dušan svoboda , who represents professional football in the association &apos;s management .
based on the model given by the by-laws , the winner of the 3rd round is a candidate with higher percentage support from the chamber he is the candidate for .
moravia is said to accept a compromise to have a candidate with the highest percentage of total votes from both chambers win the election .
the czech part stresses a condition that in the percentage total , the winner must gain at least two-third superiority .
&quot; however , the two previous rounds would then lose their meaning ; that would completely deny the two-chamber concept , &quot; svoboda agrees with moravia &apos;s arguments . he says it would be best not to bend the rules and vote according to the existing regulations .
somewhat surprisingly tomáš paclík agrees with his opinion even if it is estimated that the election rules defined by the by-laws fits pelta best of the candidates .
&apos;i wish the elections follow the by-laws to the maximum . &apos; 
&quot; i want to avoid all kinds of representative nonsense , as at the previous general meeting , &quot; says the owner of viktorie plzeň , who is a candidate for the first time ; and in his statements he chiefly stood against pelta .
pelta remains an optimist .
he believes the new president will be known in nymburk ; he also hopes that in the future , the candidates will cooperate constructively .
&quot; all passionate stirring will calm down with today &apos;s prospective advance of the national team into the european championship . &quot;
&quot; football will be back on the happy wave , people will be more willing to cooperate , &quot; a jablonec functionary says . of the three candidates , he has the most experience with football management on both professional and regional levels .
rajchl is more reserved .
&quot; i hope for an agreement , but the situation is very ambivalent . &quot;
&quot; it is not between people from bohemia and moravia , but there are attempts at purposeful adjustment of regulations . &quot;
&quot; that may cause another blockage of the general meeting . &quot;
&quot; i hope the common sense wins , &quot; rajchl said .
there is not much time left for an agreement between the parties .
some negotiations are said to have taken place directly in montenegro ; but who knows if the football generality will be complete before the match .
an extra flight that was to take , among others , the vice presidents dalibor kučera and rajchl to podgorica did not leave prague in the morning due to a technical failure . an alternative was sought for in order to transport part of the executive board to the scene of the barraged rematch .
finally , a meeting at ministry level , said to happen on wednesday , may decide .
minister of education , youth , and sports , josef dobeš , would like to force the split parties inside the strongest sports association in the country to reach an agreement .
a lot is in the game : government grants ; football trustworthiness ; and the planned čstv general meeting dealing with new direction of czech sports following sazka &apos;s financial problems .
paclík enters the presidential fight as he cannot see a suitable candidate
if , before the extraordinary general meeting , the head of pilsen football players , tomáš paclík , saw a strong candidate , who would meet all of his expectations of a new football association of the czech republic ( fačr ) president , he would not even apply for the top function .
&quot; if there was a good quality candidate , i &apos;d fight for him and not participate in the fight . &quot;
&quot; but no such person has currently been found , &quot; paclík said to čtk .
paclík &apos;s motivation to join the fight with miroslav pelta and jindřich rajchl is to try to prevent pelta , reportedly the favourite of the elections , from entering the top of the fačr .
moreover , paclík emphasizes that should he win , he would only remain the president until 2013 , when a regular general meeting is scheduled .
in the future , he would like to see the position given to an experienced top manager , not excessively connected to football life .
&quot; i &apos;ve spoken to some people that could be considered . &quot;
&quot; i was terrible for me to hear some of them say that at this point , they don &apos;t even want to identify themselves with czech football . &quot;
&quot; i &apos;d like to change this opinion , &quot; he said .
at the moment , paclík &apos;s strongest disagreement with pelta is based on the latter &apos;s connection to roman berbr , president of pilsen &apos;s regional football association . berber is a man of controversial reputation , who is , behind the scenes , known as powerful lobbyist , capable of influencing the votes of general meeting delegates .
paclík therefore finds it unacceptable for pelta to become the president .
&quot; if he wins , current situation will be preserved and nothing in football would move forward . &quot;
&quot; combined with support from berbr , a capable businessman , this would be even more harmful for the football , &quot; paclík said .
he is hinting at the fact that some years ago , pelta &apos;s name was recorded during phone tapping in a corruption affair investigation ; pelta came out without a sentence .
&quot; i don &apos;t know what prestige pelta &apos;s victory would bring to football . &quot;
&quot; and how would we look in the eyes uefa and fifa , &quot; paclík said . he is now more detached from his former statement saying he would &quot; sell the pilsen club if pelta became president . &quot;
in case paclík wins on thursday , he could imagine cooperation with pelta in the future .
this opinion is shared by another candidate , rajchl , whom paclík supported before the september general meeting that ended as a fiasco .
&quot; he ( pelta ) would be the first one i &apos;d go to . &quot;
&apos;he is very capable . &apos; 
&quot; i can see him as the head of the representation . &quot;
&apos;but he cannot manage the association . &apos; 
&quot; i don &apos;t poke my nose in what i don &apos;t understand either , &apos; said paclík , who gained a lot of attention in september , when he supported the removal of board of referees , led by luděk macela , replaced by dagmar damková .
paclík claims he would dare to manage the association .
he refers to his skills from management of private companies ; since last summer , he has been managing the pilsen team that , with his support , celebrated its first league triumph in may .
&quot; i have the strength to make the football environment change , to support its improvement . &quot;
&quot; to limit the influence of some interest groups that tend to influence the disciplinary and appeal board , leading to disgusting situations , &quot; paclík said . he does not hide his antipathy for , e.g. sparta &apos;s director , daniel křetínský .
one of his priorities would be the strengthening of relations between fačr and the czech olympic committee , with whose support he would lobby at the political top to get more money for sports from the lottery tax .
&quot; that &apos;s one of the key things the new president should attend to . &quot;
&quot; if taxes are imposed on gambling , as the political parties declare , i understand their arguments , but they must clearly say where the money will go , &quot; he said .
paclík does not consider his connection with the pilsen club a burden , though he claims that an fačr president should be a non-party one .
pelta is connected to jablonec , and rajchl to prague dukla .
&quot; it &apos;s not ideal . &quot;
&quot; yet , i don &apos;t see a point in transferring my shares in the pilsen club hypocritically to someone else , while coming back there in six months , &quot; paclík says .
pelta promised new fačr regulations that would avoid election mate
two days before the general meeting of the football association , one of the presidential candidates , miroslav pelta , promised that if he is elected , he would strive for new fačr regulations to avoid future disputes over the election rules .
before the thursday negotiations in nymburk , a jablonec functionary remains an optimist and believes that the pre-election fight would be significantly suppressed by today &apos;s prospective success of our football representation .
prior to the failed election in september , pelta promised that if he was to win , he would focus on both the representation and gaining of financial means .
he decided to participate in the elections before the last general meeting at the last moment . a two-month delay thus could have been useful for him to defend his ideas concerning football management in wider context .
&quot; people at all levels have been in football for long , and they expect the president to be known on thursday . &quot;
&quot; they feel it &apos;s high time someone leads the association , &quot; claims the man chiefly connected with the jablonec club ; but he spent many years in sparta and the association &apos;s executive board .
this gives him the reason to believe he is experienced enough to manage czech football .
he believes current problems with elections are caused by the euphoria there was in the time of ivan hašek &apos;s reign .
&quot; unfortunately , regulations that were not as perfect as we all thought were passed at the general meeting in june . &quot;
&quot; if various representations were not accepted , we would have had a president since september , &quot; pelta said .
he approached the rewriting of the key document of the civil association as a decoy for the delegates .
&quot; if i become president , i will take it as my personal task , and i &apos;m willing to take personal responsibility in case the attempt fails . &quot;
&quot; it is a fundamental issue we cannot exist without , &quot; pelta claims .
other than that , he says he does not try to define himself against the rivals .
in the past , he has already announced he can imagine his cooperation with jindřich rajchl , whom he recognises for his legal education ; he is well aware of the fact that his rival candidate should become his first vice president .
for a long time , he did not attack tomáš paclík , who has constantly criticised pelta .
&quot; he &apos;s been in football for over a year , and gained some success . &quot;
&quot; however , his attacks were not decent , and many people were caught by surprise by the method of his election campaign . &quot;
&quot; this is too , is why some of them now doubt his true character , &quot; pelta said about his rival . pelta himself claims to be true to the proclamations he announced in september .
he sees his strongest weapon in knowledge of football , from the lowest competitions to representation .
the representation should be the shopping window of football .
&quot; í would also try to end all affairs , starting from the bohemians case or the aftermath of last year &apos;s corruption scandal . &quot;
&quot; right after that , i would focus on negotiations with both private and state sectors , to ensure enough money for the whole football , &quot; the forty-six year old candidate told čtk two months ago .
he then promised that his arrival to the head of the football would not mean any personnel housecleaning .
&quot; i &apos;d need to learn about the job descriptions of individual employees . &quot; that was his message for strahov , where the long period of interregnum causes understandable nervousness .
despite current catastrophic scenarios accompanying the general meeting planned , he believes that on thursday , the delegates will not come to nymburk in vain .
&quot; if the only questionable point is how to perform the elections in the third round that is something we can get over . &quot;
&quot; football needs trustworthiness it can only gain by finally having its leader , &quot; says pelta , who , two days before the crucial day of his career of a functionary , remains an optimist .
rajchl promises that under him , the fačr will start working hard
if , on thursday &apos;s general meeting , jindřich rajchl , the existing vice president , is to become the president of czech football association , many people in the association would reportedly not be pleased .
rajchl promises that if he is elected , hard work will come .
he wants to establish system changes and make members of the executive board responsible for individual football areas .
he also promised to solve the bohemians case ; improve relations with both uefa and fifa ; bring more money to football ; and continue the work of the previous president , ivan hašek .
&quot; as president , i &apos;d like to focus on football as a whole . &quot;
&quot; from international contacts with uefa and fifa , to representation , professional football , and performance football for the youth . &quot;
&quot; by this , i don &apos;t mean i &apos;d do everything on my own , &quot; rajchl said in his interview for čtk .
&quot; i &apos;m a team player , and i want to distribute the competences within the executive board so that each member focuses on a certain area . &quot;
&apos;i &apos;ll distribute tasks strictly so that in each of these segments , football makes big steps forward . &quot;
&quot; that would probably not please many people , as it would mean hard work , not just criticizing of the work of others , &quot; he added .
critical atmosphere in football movement supposedly made him doubt his candidature .
&quot; i &apos;m known to work 20 hours a day . &quot;
&quot; but i need to know if it has any sense ; and that i won &apos;t be surrounded by people throwing sticks under my feet and question my every move , &quot; he explained his hesitation .
&quot; however , many people told me i mustn &apos;t give up , otherwise others would follow . &quot;
&quot; that &apos;s a trust i can &apos;t just throw away , &quot; he said .
moreover , he says his motivation is to continue the work he started with hašek .
&quot; a great amount of work was done in those two years , and i don &apos;t want to throw it all away . &quot;
&quot; processes have been started that may bear fruit in a few years , and i don &apos;t want someone else to stop them , &quot; he said , in fear that if the other candidate , miroslav pelta , is elected , situation f the association might return to the period before hašek .
&quot; i believe in systematic approach , which is something i don &apos;t think mirek pelta is competent of . &quot;
&quot; he is chiefly surrounded by people who would do football so that it would only be for the chosen ones . &quot;
&quot; i can be blamed for many things , but certainly not for being subjective . &quot;
&quot; i try to be objective . &quot;
&quot; i want to make football for everyone , because then everyone has a good time , not just the chosen few , &quot; rajchl said .
furthermore , he refutes the allegations he would only be a czech president .
&quot; though some people try to claim the opposite , i plan to do the maximum for moravia . &quot;
&quot; for example , it is high time to consider about splitting the second league into czech and moravian parts , winners of which would continue into the first league . &quot;
&quot; this would prevent the current situation , where there are just three moravian units in the league , which is a problem concerning young players in moravia , &quot; rajchl said .
as the presidential fight has been joined by pilsen club manager , tomáš paclík , rajchl does not dare to estimate his chances to win .
&quot; nevertheless , i can still feel a strong support in the czech chamber that elected me its vice president , and can see i have achieved some clear successes , &quot; rajchl said . among his successes , he includes the saving of dozens of millions of crowns on disadvantageous contracts , negotiating tv contracts , and negotiations about the lottery law .
on the other hand , he considers the fact that the association does not stick together partially as his own fault .
while claiming that pelta has been &apos; disqualified from returning trustworthiness to czech football &apos; , he considers the other rival , paclík , a strong candidate that has things to offer .
&quot; no one can doubt that he did a great job in pilsen this year . &quot;
&quot; if he is elected , i hope he would continue in the things ivan hašek started , without significant personnel changes in the committees . &quot;
&quot; he wouldn &apos;t want to twist things for his own benefit , &quot; rajchl said about his rival .
europe &apos;s most beautiful pools
leap into the water
by julia stanek
paddling pools with universal fibre optics and status pools in budapest . travellers can experience europe &apos;s incredible water - and relax tired limbs in a jacuzzi after a city tour or a ramble .
one book can tell you where the water is at its best .
there was one thing iris meder could not do without on research trips over the last one and a half years : her swimming costume .
lying back on the water , she has looked up at artistically designed domes , has swum towards marble cherubs awaiting her at the edge of the pool and has marvelled at meticulously restored art nouveau swimming pools .
she rushed to add any pool she liked to her notebook - with essential details on the construction and the history of the building .
the architectural historian meder looked at more than 200 swimming pools - and has now compiled here experiences in her recently published book badefreuden ( the joys of bathing ) , covering everything from public swimming baths in munich to historical bathing palaces in the black forest and &quot; hardcore concrete buildings &quot; in taunus .
her &quot; journey to the most unusual baths in central europe &quot; took here through 13 countries . besides germany , austria and switzerland , she visited baths in italy , france , the czech republic , slovakia , slovenia , hungary , romania and poland - and one city each in luxembourg , serbia and croatia .
the 46-year-old is a real bathing culture enthusiast .
she has very little enthusiasm for sport , says meder - but in the water , it &apos;s a different matter .
the only downside is that fans of swimming have to cope with blue glazed tiles and the stench of chlorine while joggers can breathe in the beguiling scent of spruce forests or listen to the bright twittering of birds in the park .
&quot; one day , i asked myself why swimming baths always have to be so ugly , &quot; says vienna-based meder .
&quot; so i started collecting beautiful baths . &quot;
water surface doubles architecture
splashing in the diving pool and ethereal sauna oils - the wellness factor in baths is so great because all the senses are stimulated , according to meder .
and swimming baths can be a real treat for the eyes if the builders have gone to the trouble . &quot; you have the surface of the water in pools instead of a floor . &quot;
&quot; the surface is very transparent , but also reflects the beauty of the entire building . &quot;
everything is mirrored visually : high ceilings , colourful tiles and diving boards .
the illustrated pocketbook the joys of bathing provides valuable information on the architectural and cultural history of historic pleasure and health oases over 190 pages - and makes you want to leap into the water .
pool collector meder discovered some notable examples during research in hungary .
she found nitrate-rich water in a karst cave ( the cave bath in miskolctapolca ) and a thermal bath filled with alkaline water in a bottle-shaped building ( városi termálfürdö in jászberény ) in addition to magnificent therapeutic baths such as the 100-year-old széchenyi baths in budapest .
many of the heated outdoor baths in switzerland and austria , on the other hand , offer spectacular views . you can view all of zurich from a rooftop bath or look out on the snow-capped arlberg from an outdoor pool in st. anton . and there is a window in the steam bath giving a view of the action on the ski piste .
perhaps the most unusual pool design awaits bathers in längenfeld . the aqua dome in ötztal looks like a ufo has just landed in the alps .
it steams during the winter from three open-topped shells dwarfed by the ötztal mountains behind it .
alhambra in the black forest
pool collector meder was not greeted by the smell of chlorine in every swimming pool .
a lot of thermal baths smell of sulphur . the árpád baths in békescsaba , hungary , smell so strongly of oil you may find it difficult to believe you are in a health spa .
the smell comes from the hydrogen carbonate in the alkaline water . the water is almost black with silt that sticks to the skin as soon as you slide into the pool - a wellness experience of a particular kind .
iris meder , however , was at one point disappointed in her search for beautiful bathing places . when she tried to visit the outdoor pool at the czech baths of luhatschowitz , she found the area sealed off .
the baths , designed by the architect dušan jurkovic in 1902 , have been closed .
when meder looked through the weather-beaten windows of the red , white and yellow art nouveau building , she could see weeds growing up through the tiles .
one place where decay has been stopped in its tracks is a magical swimming bath in the black forest - the palais thermal in bad wildbad .
the baths have already gone through three stages of construction . you will not only discover neo-romanesque elements from the period after it was built in 1844 , but also a moorish hall in alhambra style added around 1900 .
following its careful modernisation in 1995 , the palais thermal is the favourite swimming pool of pool connoisseur iris meder - and not just because she comes from the black forest .
&quot; it is a real achievement to harmonise such different architectural styles so brilliantly , &quot; says meder .
a dip in the thermal pool in such a palace is clearly of secondary importance .
agricultural commodities speculation
deutsche bank has commodity trading investigated
by christian teevs
will deutsche bank stop trading agricultural commodities ?
according to spiegel online , josef ackermann has given a working group the task of investigating the consequences of speculation for the poor around the world .
the ceo plans to make changes in january .
hamburg -
for german citizens the situation is clear . according to one study , 84 percent of germans find it unacceptable that banks speculate on agricultural commodities such as wheat and maize .
two thirds of those questioned demand that deutsche bank and other banks cease trading in agricultural commodities , as trading deepens the problems faced by the very poorest people around the world .
the findings were made in a survey conducted by the forsa institute for social research and statistical analysis on behalf of the consumer organisation foodwatch .
the study is based on a report presented by foodwatch in mid-october .
the author of the report , harald schumann , shows that betting on global commodities exchanges drives up prices - and the banks are therefore complicit in global hunger .
the campaign by consumer advocates is directed specifically at the head of deutsche bank , josef ackermann , although large banking houses such as goldman sachs and morgan stanley trade in the same way .
originally , commodity betting was designed as a means of protecting traders against price fluctuations .
however , most experts now agree that the gamblers have left behind the rules of supply and demand - and are profiting at the expense of the poorest .
in contrast to us competitors , ackermann has responded to the criticism . he has promised to investigate the accusations and has said that no trade is &quot; worth putting deutsche bank &apos;s good reputation at risk . &quot;
according to spiegel online , an international working group is currently investigating the accusations contained in the foodwatch report .
the investigation should be complete by the end of the year when the findings will be presented to deutsche bank &apos;s board of managing directors - with recommendations for action .
the head of the bank then plans to announce changes following the investigation at the end of january .
commodities trading may be reduced or stopped completely .
ackermann working on his image
the president of foodwatch , thilo bode , welcomed the news while emphasising his criticism of the financial sector . &quot; betting on rising food prices is an extreme example of how thoughtlessly banks are currently acting against the common interest . &quot;
as top bank lobbyist , ackermann has a particular duty , according to bode .
&quot; deutsche bank must remove all investments from its portfolio that bet money on food prices , &quot; said bode .
&quot; it does not matter whether this is about starving people or the reputation of deutsche bank . &quot;
ackermann &apos;s sensitive response is at first surprising , but then the ceo would like to present a perfect image just a few months before the end of his term in office .
deutsche bank announced on monday that the chairman will not move to the supervisory board as had been planned .
cancelling contentious food commodity speculation could improve his image .
he also need have little concern for the costs - it would be up to his successor to manage the outcome .
one in two people would withdraw commodities investments
foodwatch is striving to keep up the pressure on the manager .
to date , more than 30,000 internet users have joined the organisation &apos;s campaign .
bode published the survey on tuesday . the survey was conducted for the forsa institute for social research and statistical analysis on 7 and 8 november and 1001 people took part .
no more than eleven percent think it is legitimate for deutsche bank to offer investments that bet on the price of foodstuffs .
many banking customers would also take direct action if they discover that their bank is involved in such trading . according to the survey , one in two would withdraw investments that end up in commodities speculation .
43 percent would recommend leaving the bank , 49 percent said they would think about closing their account and switching to a different bank .
21er haus in vienna
the relocated pavilion
by ingeborg wiensowski
an architectural history with highs , lows and a happy-ever-after . austria &apos;s pavilion for the 1958 world &apos;s fair in brussels won prizes , became a museum in vienna , stood empty and was abandoned .
now it is being reopened as an exhibition centre .
austria &apos;s pavilion , designed by karl schwanzer for the 1958 brussels world &apos;s fair , is a famous textbook example of modern post-war architecture with its clear shapes , glass halls , bold strokes and the new construction materials that expressed belief in technical progress .
schwanzer &apos;s pavilion won the grand prix d &apos;architecture in 1958 for its light floating steel-glass structure .
the building is considered a milestone in contemporary architecture .
it made the architect so famous that he also built austria &apos;s pavilion at the next world &apos;s fair .
he finally shot to fame internationally in 1973 with his legendary four-cylinder bmw tower and its bowl-shaped sister building .
the pavilion , planned as a temporary exhibition building , was relocated to the schweizer garten near vienna &apos;s südbahnhof , converted and opened as the museum of the 20th century in 1962 - and is widely referred to as the &quot; 20er haus &quot; for this reason .
however , the building was not suitable as a museum for technical and spatial reasons - it had no walls to hang artworks and poor air conditioning .
nonetheless , it continued to be used until contemporary art in vienna was given a new home .
the building stood empty from 2001 and fell into a worse and worse state of repair .
the architect adolf krischanitz has now renovated the pavilion , which has been named the &quot; 21er haus &quot; and will be used as a contemporary art museum .
the museum is a branch of the belvedere museum , which will open the first exhibition on tuesday evening - a delight in every respect .
agnes husslein-arco who became the new director of the austrian galerie belvedere in 2007 was instrumental in the new beginning .
husslein-arco , an art history graduate with a remarkable career in her youth as an ice skater , who went on to sotheby &apos;s , the guggenheim museum and to become the founding director of the museum der moderne in salzburg , convinced politicians and conservators to go ahead with renovation , attracted public funding and private sponsorship and decided on the use of the building .
the new museum was to house the fritz wotruba foundation &apos;s permanent collection , a café and a bookshop alongside contemporary art . an office building was also to be built .
strict supervision &amp; limited budget
krischanitz was then the ideal choice to carry out the project .
he was known , of course , for having renovated and expanded joseph olbrich &apos;s secession in vienna , and had won the competition , but he also studied under schwanzer at the vienna university of technology and the pavilion was an &quot; exceptionally important place &quot; for him where had visited exhibitions &quot; almost every weekend . &quot;
he knew the original design and knew the issues the building was facing , a building that had already lost some of its grandeur and lightness when it was relocated to vienna and converted .
the problems facing the latest alterations were much greater . the building was &quot; an energy guzzler , &quot; says krischanitz .
the window profiles of the glass facade were replaced , fibreglass-reinforced safety glass was put in and the glass roof was replaced by high-grade safety glass .
thermal bridge steel girders were strengthened or replaced and asbestos was removed from ceilings .
two lower floors created space for the new use of the building , a sunken light well between the building and the street provides lighting , a bridge leads to the entrance - almost a new building , but still the delicate schwanzer pavilion .
the original external doors have been retained and the building has been painted in the old red-brown colour of rust-proofing .
and the cinema hall is exactly as it used to be .
all this under the strict supervision of the monument authority and with a limited budget .
&quot; we often had to find a material that was good , cheap and met with the approval of the monument authority , &quot; says krischanitz , pointing to the rough flooring in the basement .
the building has remained flexible and light despite the constraints , problems and conversions .
krischanitz stated recently that the pavilion &quot; from brussels &quot; had been tough - a typical &quot; drop in the city &quot; story .
architecture like this is &quot; always in the wrong place &quot; and nonetheless wants to &quot; stimulate a real awareness . &quot;
the 21er haus is very much in the right place , as there has been a stroke of luck in town planning . the completely redesigned &quot; main station quarter &quot; with offices and residential properties is developing around the schweizer garten .
there may also be a second stroke of luck . the 21er haus may be bolstered by another krischanitz building - the collector francesca von habsburg has purchased the temporäre kunsthalle berlin and is reported to be negotiating with the city for a neighbouring location in the schweizer garten .
deutsche bahn plans winter crisis package into the millions
deutsche bahn has come up with a crisis plan to prevent train cancellations in the winter .
the number of employees is to double .
the costs will run into the millions .
according to a newspaper report , deutsche bahn will spend more than 70 million euros more this year in the battle to prevent winter-time cancellations and delays .
referring to an internal crisis plan at deutsche bahn , the bild newspaper has reported that investment of around 300 million euros in total is planned up to 2015 .
investment is intended to improve the availability of locomotives and the rail network , even in the face of extreme weather conditions .
the number of internal and external employees involved in removing snow from rail facilities and platforms is to double to 16,000 .
the aim is to clear platforms of snow and ice by start of business and 90 percent of the critical points within four to five hours .
rüdiger grube , head of deutsche bahn , warned of train cancellations and delays this winter at a summit with government and industry two months ago .
last winter , deutsche bahn had considerable difficulties in its passenger business , as it lacked reserves in the face of difficult weather conditions .
numerous new regional trains have been waiting for years for approval from the federal railway office .
there is also some delay in the delivery of ice trains .
deutsche bahn has also been forced to have the axles of ice trains checked significantly more frequently for many years , after an ice train &apos;s axle broke in cologne &apos;s main station .
deutsche bank pays multi-million pound fine in the usa
fresh trouble is following hard on the heels of the uproar around josef ackermann , ceo of deutsche bank : deutsche bank faces a multi-million pound fine in the usa .
as if the problems at home were not already enough for deutsche bank , the industry giant &apos;s past in the usa is now also catching up with it . frankfurt-based deutsche bank will pay 145 million dollars ( 106 million euros ) to settle disputes arising from the bankruptcy of five major credit unions during the financial crisis .
the issue centres on the sale of mortgage securities .
the national credit union administration ( ncua ) , a financial market regulator , accuses a string of major banks of having used false promises to mislead credit unions into buying the financial products .
the value of the securities dropped dramatically during the financial crisis and brought down the credit unions .
&quot; we are happy to have resolved the issue without the parties going to court , &quot; said a deutsche bank spokesman in new york .
the bank did not admit culpability in the settlement .
the same is true of citigroup , which agreed to pay 20.5 million dollars .
the ncua chairman , debbie matz , welcomed the responsiveness of the two banks .
the national credit union administration ( ncua ) is responsible for the us credit unions and intervenes in bankruptcies to protect customer deposits .
the ncua is fighting for compensation for losses that run into the billions .
the current settlements are the first of their kind .
the regulator had also approached other major banks and sued jpmorgan chase , the royal bank of scotland and goldman sachs in the summer .
the dubious mortgage securities are so-called mortgage-backed securities .
they are underpinned by home loans .
this sealed the fate of a number of financial companies when the us property bubble exploded in 2007 .
the us investment bank , lehman brothers , went belly up in september 2008 at the height of the financial crisis .
the banks battling against a strong wind in the usa several years later .
investors and regulators have brought a vast number of claims for compensation or to punish misconduct .
the federal housing finance agency ( fhfa ) has been behind the largest wave of claims .
it accuses 18 major international banks of having taken in us lenders fannie mae and freddie mac on mortgage transactions valued at around 200 billion dollars .
deutsche bank also faces legal action by the fhfa covering multiple transactions with a total value of 14.2 billion dollars from 2005 to 2007 .
the regulator is demanding that the frankfurt-based bank take responsibility for &quot; substantial losses , &quot; but has not yet specified the exact sum .
deutsche bank has rejected the claims as baseless and has declared its intention to fend off the claims .
warren buffett pumps 10 billion into ibm
financial guru buffett is investing heavily in the it company , ibm .
since march , he has bought up shares totalling more than ten billion dollars .
until now , the major american investor , warren buffett , had always claimed not to invest in it and computing companies , as it was difficult to forecast the long-term development .
however , ibm &apos;s annual reports changed his mind on investing in the industry .
according to buffett , he should have realised much earlier that ibm primarily offers services and purchases computer systems for the it departments of other companies .
investment by warren buffett is considered a knighthood in the financial world .
the it veteran ibm has now earned the title of &quot; sir ibm . &quot;
buffett revealed that he had purchased ibm shares totalling 10.7 billion dollars since march on the us business news broadcaster cnbc .
his investment holding company , berkshire hathaway , has become one of the largest shareholders in ibm with a 5.5 percent stake .
buffett said that even ibm knew nothing of his involvement until recently .
he praised the management , which has managed to bring in profits even during the economic crisis .
&quot; they have done a great job , &quot; said buffett , referring to the management strategy .
for a fairly long time , ibm has focused on lucrative it services such as data centres .
the computer pioneer - now more than 100 years old - also provides software and consultancy services , as well as powerful business computers .
buffett had avoided technology firms to date .
he claimed only to invest in companies whose business he understands
and invested in a freight railway , for example , a lubricant manufacturer and a machine manufacturer .
his holding company , berkshire hathaway , owns shares in a long list of major companies such as coca-cola and munich re ( formerly münchener rück ) alongside around 80 of its own subsidiaries .
the 81-year-old took over the small textile company berkshire hathaway in the 1960s and built it up , with clever investments , into one of the most valuable companies in the world .
his lifestyle , however , has remained humble ,
making him a cult figure for countless investors around the world .
his almost infallible instinct for making money has earned him a nickname as the &quot; oracle from omaha . &quot;
the ibm share price rose by one percent before the markets opened following the announcement of buffett &apos;s investment .
&quot; big blue , &quot; as ibm is also known , is worth more than 220 billion dollars on the stock exchange , making it one of the most valuable technology companies in the world alongside apple and microsoft .
buffett , however , has said he is not planning to invest in microsoft .
the founder , bill gates , is a close friend .
imminent danger
following the discovery of the &quot; zwickau cell , &quot; turkish media express doubt about the rule of law in germany .
one newspaper speaks of a &quot; bloody ideology &quot; that is now resurfacing .
the murder of eight turkish and one greek businessman between 2000 and 2006 was the result of right-wing extremist ideology .
fear and concern has been the reaction to this report in turkey and within the german-turkish community in germany .
for many german turks , the news brings back to life a long-dead spectre . there has been no comparable right-wing extremist violence against turks since the arson attacks in mölln in november 1992 and in solingen in may 1993 .
there was never any question , however , that xenophobia does exist in germany .
the right-wing extremist network that has now been discovered , however , is on a scale that has not yet been fully understood .
&quot; is this a revival of the bloody ideology ? &quot; was the headline of the internet edition of the turkish newspaper haberturk .
the sabah newspaper , on the other hand , points out that one of the perpetrators was a confidential informant for the intelligence services and expresses concern that the german authorities may be caught up in the right-wing extremist quagmire .
the turkish community of germany ( tgd ) reacted calmly , remembering the victims of racial violence during a silent vigil in front of the brandenburg gate at the weekend .
just two weeks earlier , the turkish community in berlin had commemorated the fiftieth anniversary of the german-turkish bilateral agreement on labour recruitment in a ceremony with german and turkish politicians .
cooperation between the two countries was presented in a positive light - as a success story .
the coverage by some turkish media has been like a slap in the face . &quot; germany &apos;s present on the fiftieth anniversary &quot; is the title of one article on the haber x turkish internet platform , which comments on the circumstances around the series of murders .
the german edition of hürriyet also does not miss the chance to make this connection .
&quot; it is beginning to stink , &quot; is the title of the column by ahmet külahci .
he points out that people have been murdered who had paid taxes and made an important contribution to germany &apos;s redevelopment with their work .
the behaviour of the police and the subsequently successful manhunt is heavily criticised on german-turkish internet forums .
the authors are asking themselves why the german authorities did not think earlier to look for suspects in right-wing extremist circles .
some writers even go as far as some strong rhetoric . &quot; if things continue to be done so cack-handedly , migrants have no option but armed self-defence . &quot;
&quot; that will be the best self-defence . &quot;
&quot; peace in germany depends very strongly on how the entire network is uncovered and on the appropriateness of punishment , &quot; writes &quot; selen . &quot;
the attacks on mölln and solingen in the 90s are an example of what it means for peace in germany to be at risk .
the photo of the burnt out ruin of solingen is deeply engrained in german and turkish memory .
no other event has shown the turks living here more clearly that there is imminent danger and shown the germans that mistrust and distance can culminate in real violence .
the attacks , however , increased the sense of turkish unity .
do not repeat the mistakes of the past
the turkish press at the time complained mainly of the failure of german policy following the attacks . helmut kohl declined to visit the survivors in mölln .
he sent a telegram of commiseration to the turkish president after the arson attack in solingen , but it was his foreign minister , klaus kinkel , who took his place at the memorial ceremony in cologne - kinkel summed up in his speech the taxes turks contribute in germany ,
just as if he were calculating the value of a person by the taxes he pays .
the coverage by the turkish media at the time again shows how deep the mistrust of many german turks in the current german state has become since .
straight talking is what is needed now , alongside efforts to identify and reassess right-wing extremist terrorism in germany .
the lake zurich banking scandal
the most risk-taking bank in europe is not in italy or france , but in switzerland .
ubs almost went bankrupt during the financial crisis and has been struggling from one crisis to the next ever since .
a german is now to bring it back in line .
axel weber certainly had not imagined that would be his role .
after his spectacular departure from the head of the federal bank , it was announced in july that he would be starting an almost equally spectacular new job in 2013 : chairman of the board of directors of the major swiss bank ubs - an unexpected and lucrative career move .
axel weber was clearly delighted , praising switzerland for its beauty and ubs for its newly won solidity and making some friendly remarks about his future colleagues .
&quot; ubs has managed to turn around . &quot;
&quot; i am looking forward to working with kaspar villiger and oswald grübel . &quot;
but by september it was already clear that everything would be very different .
a ubs trader in london had bypassed all the bank &apos;s security systems and gambled away around 1.7 billion euros .
ubs ceo , oswald grübel - a banker not only famous in switzerland - had to go .
the ubs chairman has been considered ailing ever since - and everyone is asking : when will axel weber finally arrive ?
weber is to advise the bank from february 2012 .
and he will take on the role of chairman of the board in may , and not in 2013 , the bank announced on tuesday .
that will be tough for axel weber .
he is an economics professor and central banker , not a conventional banker , and clearly would need some time to adjust .
all at once , he is taking on responsibility for the strategy of a bank that has once again proven that it has long deserved the title of &quot; europe &apos;s biggest banking scandal . &quot;
ubs is both huge - it was the biggest asset manager in the world until recently - and has been struggling from one scandal to the next for years .
the proud swiss bank , it seems , is to be spared nothing .
it began in the financial crisis .
ubs had an excellent reputation until 2007 .
the bank combined the image of the secretive and solid , but equally savvy asset manager with ambitious targets , aiming to become a major player in investment banking .
as a result , in 2007 ubs was managing 1.6 billion , thereby managing more more money from wealthy clients than any other bank in the world ,
and had risen to the league of the world &apos;s biggest banks as an investment bank .
that made an impression .
the former banker and long-standing banking professor at the swiss institute of banking of the university of zurich , hans geiger , explains : &quot; i always presented ubs to my students as the model of a good bank . &quot;
&quot; from what we know today , you have to ask how i could be so wrong . &quot;
he was very wrong indeed .
it only became clear in 2007 that something was really going very wrong at ubs .
in the middle of the year , ceo peter wuffli - considered a highly intellectual and equally brilliant banker - suddenly stepped down .
some months later we could guess at why he had left .
the investment division of the bank had gambled on subprime securities and was forced to write off billions .
ubs announced a capital increase , believe it or not , of 13 billion swiss francs to face the crisis .
the bank actually managed to find investors , but investors many bankers would have respectfully declined a short while earlier - a less than transparent asian sovereign wealth fund from singapore and an arabic sovereign wealth fund that was so secretive , even its name was not disclosed .
that was just the first blow .
it got a lot worse in april 2008 .
the bank was forced to announce new losses running into the billions and chairman of the board of directors , marcel ospel - the second best paid chairman in switzerland in 2006 - resigned .
catastrophe followed in october 2008 . ubs faced collapse from a lack of investment during the financial crisis and had to be saved by the state .
the national bank bought up toxic securities from ubs for untold billions and the swiss confederation paid six billion swiss francs for a mandatory convertible bond to become part owner of the bank .
the whole of switzerland was shocked - the country recognised the dramatic consequences for a small country of being home to such large banks .
after all , the balance sheet total for ubs in 2007 was more than five times the economic output of switzerland ( see chart ) .
&quot; we would not be able to save the ubs for a second time , &quot; says banking researcher geiger .
the second catastrophe followed closely on the heels of the first .
a few months later , ubs capitulated in the tax dispute with the usa and declared that it was prepared to hand over the data of wealthy clients who had potentially avoided paying tax with the help of the bank .
ubs also agreed to pay 780 million dollars consisting of repayment of unjustified profits from the business and a penalty .
ubs therefore more or less admitted having been an accessory to tax evasion .
at the same time , ubs lost something that had always been its advantage when competing for rich clients - the fog of secrecy .
swiss banking secrecy was not the same after the scandal .
the ceo and the chairman then resigned and
the exodus of client money began .
the bank had lost its credibility in both of its core business divisions within a few months - in investment banking thanks to bad speculation and in asset management by aiding and abetting tax evasion .
and just as things had calmed down and ubs looked like it would start to turn things around , along came a disastrous rogue trader . a single trader gambled away 1.7 billion euros before the bank noticed something was wrong .
one thing is clear - risk management in the investment banking division is still not working .
&quot; the adoboli incident clearly showed that risk control had changed too little , &quot; says martin janssen , economic and professor of finance at the swiss banking institute of the university of zurich .
the cfo of one major german bank also has no doubts : &quot; the problem facing ubs is that it does not having a handle on risk control . &quot;
it was precisely the concept of caution that had long ago made swiss bankers the guardians of the world &apos;s major assets - no excessive risk , but security for money , whether the world fell apart outside the alpine republic or not .
the safes of swiss banks had become a symbol of unshakeable reliability , just as lindt and sprüngli had come to symbolise sophisticated chocolate .
the ubs headquarters in zurich still fit the cliché of the dignified swiss private bank - just a bit bigger .
the location alone is classic .
the bank has its head office on zurich &apos;s bahnhofstrasse that leads from the main station directly to zurich lake , surrounded by the snow-capped peaks of the swiss mountains .
the buildings are ostentatious and the shop rates are among the highest in europe .
jewellers such as tiffany &apos;s are to be found here between traditional swiss shops such as confiserie sprüngli .
the swiss banks have resided here for hundreds of years - from the national bank to the palace of credit suisse and elite private banks such as julius bär .
a heavy revolving door opens onto the ubs reception .
the walls within are clad in marble behind vast leather armchairs . there is a large sign to the &quot; safe &quot; next to the bank &apos;s logo .
ubs knows that its clients are looking for - security .
but both the major swiss banks , ubs and credit suisse , at some point ousted the swiss banking concept - or betrayed it , as the head of one small swiss private bank believes .
he would prefer not to see his name in the newspaper - he too , like all swiss bankers , does business with the two major banks .
he believes ubs has grown too big - particularly in investment banking where the anglo-saxons are also very active .
in his opinion , the swiss have nothing to add .
&quot; and if they do , they have adapted to the customs of the anglo-saxons long ago . &quot;
it was in fact anglo-saxon investment banking that changed ubs , brought in its first big profits - and then the debacle . no other european financial institution has lost as much money in the subprime jungle as the major swiss bank .
the catastrophe became evident on 15 october 2008 .
&quot; that wednesday , the government coalition of a small country with a population of seven million undertook the largest rescue operation in the history of the nation , &quot; writes author lukas hässig in his book the ubs crash .
the politicians approved up to 68 billion swiss francs ( around 45 billion euros ) to save the bank from bankruptcy .
how could it have come to that ?
talking to swiss banks , they see the issue mainly in the size of ubs .
two of the three major swiss banks consolidated into a single , vast group in june 1998 .
a bank was created that was already too big for small switzerland when the merger was agreed - and a bank that continued to grow .
the fact that the two banks that went to form ubs complemented each other helped . one was a wealthy but sedate bank specialising in asset management in zurich and the other was less wealthy , but much more internationalised .
the internationalised investment bankers suddenly had access to a lot of money that they could use to turn an almighty wheel .
two names are connected with the rise of ubs : peter wuffli , group ceo of ubs from 2001 to 2007 , and marcel ospel , chairman of the board of directors .
&quot; i always thought that wuffli and ospel were a dream team , &quot; says the banking research , hans geiger .
&quot; wuffli , highly intellectual , modest , with a deep understanding of models and statistics , and ospel , with gut instinct who had worked his way up from being a banker &apos;s apprentice . &quot;
but ospel in the end relied on wuffli .
and wuffli ultimately may have made a critical error . &quot; he thought his models were reality , &quot; says geiger .
&quot; that is tragic . &quot;
tragic it may be .
pride comes before a fall .
employees of ubs clearly remember the management meetings where ceo wuffli always repeated the same slogan - dethrone goldman sachs .
the american bank was the world &apos;s most powerful investment bank .
it led the &quot; league tables &quot; that documented the success of the banks at that time .
ubs wanted to get to the very top of the league .
it managed some of the way .
ubs was a major player in foreign exchange and stocks .
commissioned management consultants , however , pointed out a weakness . in terms of what in banking terminology is referred to as &quot; fixed income , &quot; ubs was far behind the very largest banks .
ubs had gaps in its us mortgage products .
to plug the hole , ubs entered on an adventure that almost cost it its existence .
hungry for growth , the bank itself and a hedge fund founded by the bank invested in us subprime securities .
it developed into a vast machine that packaged up securities based on us mortgage credit and passed them on - while itself continuing to bear risks .
even when other banks had long been looking for a way out , ubs carried on .
&quot; ubs was buying as late as the summer of 2007 when the us housing market was in flames , &quot; says banking expert geiger .
the greater the rise , the greater the fall .
one manager after the next had to go as the attempts to clean up proved more difficult than anticipated .
posts at ubs became a game of musical chairs and remain uncertain to this day .
any head of the major bank now has an almost impossible job .
he must find a strategy for a bank that has turned its back on all existing business models .
banking expert geiger already has an idea - quit investment banking , focus on asset management and turn back to swiss roots .
the bank , however , is not ( yet ) prepared to go that far .
it is clear , nonetheless , that investment banking must shrink significantly .
the new head of the bank , sergio ermotti , plans to present his future strategy to the world on tuesday .
the 51-year-old italo-swiss banker was actually only imagined as a transitional solution when the bank parted ways unexpectedly with his predecessor grübel .
since then , he has proved his mettle and is now to head ubs permanently , the zurich-based bank announced on tuesday .
ermotti plans to take the investment bank back to where it was in the mid-90s .
he is cutting 3500 jobs .
but that will not be enough .
ubs needs a vision .
what is ubs ?
how does it plan to make money ?
those are the questions axel weber is definitely already asking himself .
publicly , he has only so far that he and his wife will look for a flat in zurich .
next year .
fear of recession in europe depresses us stock exchange
the impending recession in europe has depressed the mood of us investors at the start of the week .
the change of government in athens and rome had little impact .
curbed industrial production on the continent nipped hopes that the debt crisis might stabilise in the bud .
the general relief following the change of government in rome and athens was not sustained .
the euro fell against the dollar .
the italian and greek glass was still considered half full last week , not half empty - now the problems are coming to the fore once again , said mark luschini of janney montgomery scott .
financial stocks in particular were on the sales receipts .
the dow jones industrial average closed business at 12,078 with a fall of 0.6 percent .
the market barometer fluctuated between 12,027 and 12,170 points in the course of trading .
the broader s &amp; p 500 index closed at 1251 point , down one percent .
the nasdaq technology index lost 0.8 percent and closed trading at 2657 points .
in frankfurt , the dax fell 1.2 percent closing at 5985 points .
industry in the 17 euro countries has significantly reduced production and is adjusting to the end of the upturn .
the eurostat statistics office announced that , in september , companies produced two percent less than in the previous month .
the announcement made us investors sceptical . &quot; we are not an island . we are dependent , &quot; said steve goldman of goldman management .
he also claimed that europe is not likely to shake off a recession quickly and that there are further signs of weakness in the banks .
the investment legend , warren buffett , could only support such caution . in a cnbc interview , he said that it was not yet clear whether europe is strong enough to do all that is needed to end the crisis .
in his opinion , it is therefore too early to invest in european government bonds or banks .
instead , buffett threw a decades-old principle out of the window to invest in the us technology industry .
his investment of more than ten billion dollars in ibm boosted the veteran company &apos;s share price by almost one percent against the trend during the course of trading .
the shares closed almost unchanged at 187.35 dollars .
buffett claims to have paid 170 dollars on average per share and now has a 5.5 percent stake .
the share price of his investment company berkshire hathaway fell 1.3 percent .
bank of america share certificates fell significantly more strongly than the market by 2.6 percent .
the bank is converting almost all its remaining shares in the china construction bank into cash , bringing in 6.6 billion dollars .
the bank primarily plans to bolster its capital quota with the net profit from the sale to meet tougher regulations .
the aircraft manufacturer boeing gained , limiting losses on the dow .
the share price went up 1.5 percent after the corporation picked up the biggest order in its history .
the emirates airline ordered 50 long-range type 777 aeroplanes on sunday with an order value of 18 billion dollars .
including options to buy 20 more planes , the total volume is in fact 26 billion dollars .
around 710 million shares changed hands on the new york stock exchange .
719 shares rose , 2281 fell and 79 remained unchanged .
630 shares finished up , 1913 down and 82 unchanged on the nasdaq on turnover of 1.38 billion shares .
intelligent crows are spreading in cities
rooks are considered problem birds in many places . experts now say the highly intelligent animals can no longer be driven from cities .
some like the birds , others would like to get rid of them as fast as possible . crows have been part of the cityscape for hundreds of years , but residents complaining about the filth and noise the animals create are increasing in number in many communities .
a solution to the problem birds , however , is far from within reach .
experts at the first crow symposium in the east frisian town of leer have said that rooks can no longer be forced out of cities .
specialists from all over germany discussed possible solutions .
looking for alternatives in the cities
conservationists stated that migration of specially protected rooks was the root of the problem in cities , pointing out that the use of chemicals in agriculture was increasingly destroying traditional habitats .
hunting , increasing development and felling of typical breeding trees was making life hard for the birds .
crows are protected .
there are large colonies with more than 600 breeding pairs in the westphalian town of soest and in the north-west in jever , diepholz , achim bei bremen and leer .
a controversial project to cull crows in leer was behind negative headlines in 2005 .
critics described the capture of the birds in bird traps and how they were beaten to death with clubs as particularly brutal .
&quot; normal displacement and deterrence does nothing , &quot; said town and country planner werner klöver from leer .
spraying off nests with water or felling trees often has undesired consequences , said environment expert manfred kaiser from lahr in baden-württemberg .
&quot; the animals disperse and large colonies split up and spread to other areas . &quot;
deterrence would only be conceivable as an exception in hospitals , retirement homes and schools .
&quot; we have to live with them . getting rid of them is not an option . &quot;
without the surrounding area , the problem in the cities will not be solved , said leer &apos;s mayor , wolfgang kellner .
a combination of deterring birds from sensitive residential areas and offering incentives for them to move back to other areas would be an option .
&quot; information boards instead of chain saws &quot; was the slogan proposed by the psychologist and ethnologist uta maria jürgens , who argued for a totally different approach to the birds . &quot; we should have the self-confidence to live with this problem . &quot;
jürgens was a co-founder of the ascherberg crow educational trail in schleswig-holstein , where notice boards provide information about the life of the highly intelligent rook .
the project is already attracting interest from tourists .
jürgens also expressed her opinion on the criticism of the noise the birds make . &quot; the noise conveys a lot of information . they have a lot to say to each other . &quot;
the intelligence and skill of the birds are legendary . rooks often do not just use tools to get hold of a choice morsel , but create tools themselves .
behavioural researchers at the university of cambridge recently tested the extent of the birds &quot; intelligence on four rooks .
in one experiment , the birds quickly learnt that they had to knock over a platform to get to a moth larva .
they recognised the size and shape of stone needed to collapse the platform without much training .
in a second experiment , the canny crows had to solve a trickier problem .
the researchers put a small bucket with a moth larva in a vertical cylinder .
the birds could not reach their prey with their beaks .
however , the researchers had provided pieces of wire .
all four birds used the wire to form a hook and used the hook to fish the bucket out of the tube by its handle .
three of the four rooks even managed it at the first attempt .
ronaldo rockets portugal to euro 2012
the hopes of bosnians and turks for a last minute win were short-lived .
the favourites portugal , croatia and the czech republic , plus ireland , will be at the 2012 european championship .
portugal , the czech republic , croatia and ireland have got the final spots for the euro 2012 championship in poland and ukraine .
led by superstar cristiano ronaldo who scored in the 8th and 53rd minutes , portugal beat bosnia-herzegovina 6 : 2 ( 2 : 1 ) , rounding off their fifth euro appearance perfectly after 0 : 0 in the first leg .
the czechs only needed 1 : 0 ( 0 : 0 ) in the playoff second leg against outsider montenegro after a clear win in the first leg ( 2 : 0 ) .
croatia did not miss a trick with 0 : 0 against turkey and ireland managed an easy 1 : 1 ( 1 : 0 ) against estonia .
nani ( 24th minute ) , helder postiga ( 72nd and 82nd ) and miguel veloso ( 80th ) scored the other goals for portugal .
the former wolfsburg bundesliga professional zvjezdan misimovic and captain emir spahic evened the score with a converted 41st-minute penalty and a goal in the 65th for bosnia .
sena lulic got a second yellow card in the 54th minute .
bosnia had already been knocked out of the world cup 2010 playoffs in south africa against portugal .
portugal got off to a perfect start in lisbon &apos;s estadio da luz .
ronaldo pounded a free kick into the nets from about 30 meters to take an early lead .
a good quarter of an hour later , nani displayed his long-range abilities , raising the lead to 2 : 0 from the 25 metre line .
the bosnians , with no opening in the first half hour , had their first opportunity with goal scorer edin dzeko .
the former wolfsburg player from the english championship leader manchester city put a header onto the bottom edge of the crossbar in the 33rd minute , but the ball did not go over the goal line .
jiracek scores for the czech republic
the referee wolfgang stark from ergolding then garnered some attention .
following an attack on helder postiga in the bosnian penalty area in the 36th minute , stark decided the portuguese player had simulated and gave him a yellow card .
stark also awarded a controversial penalty for handball after a foul by fabio coentrao - misimovic converted .
after half-time , the vice-european champions of 2004 settled the score with four more goals .
petr jiracek cleared up any remaining doubt for the czechs in the 81st minute .
the european champions of 1976 are going to the euro championship for the fifth time in a row .
luck also smiled on trainer michal bilek &apos;s team and bundesliga legionaries michael kadlec ( bayer leverkusen ) and tomas pekhart ( 1st fc nuremberg ) with a potentially catastrophic error early on .
goalie petr cech prevented a potential own goal from tomas sivok in the 9th minute with a split-second reflex .
montenegro had its best opportunities when the stevan jovetic and dejan damjanovic duo were on the field .
damjanovic took a shot from the edge of the penalty area that just missed cech &apos;s goal in the 40th minute .
after half-time , the crossbar saved the czechs &quot; already battered world-class goalie after the forward from fc seoul retreated in the 50th minute .
the winning goal was scored just before full-time .
turkey , meanwhile , was lacking football genius in zagreb .
four days after losing 0 : 3 in istanbul , the turks could do no better than a 0 : 0 draw in zagreb .
while it is now virtually a certainty that national trainer guus hiddink must now give up his place on the bench of the team that reached third place in 2002 , the croatians are through to the final round of a european championship for the fourth time .
the turks almost managed the perfect start in front of 31,000 spectators at the maksimir stadium .
selcuk inan &apos;s long-range shot hit the post in the seventh minute and striker kazim kazim was unable to put the rebound into the net .
croatia then woke up , taking more and more control of the game .
the croatians continued in fine form after half-time .
the budesliga legionaries danijel pranjic ( bayern munich ) and gordon schildenfeld ( eintracht frankfurt ) were on the field alongside mario mandzukic from vfl wolfsburg , who made space for ivan perisic from dortmund from the 62nd minute .
trapattoni going to euro 2012
the irish in dublin were celebrating their first appearance at the european championship since 1988 in germany .
trainer giovanni trapattoni &apos;s team - already looking assured of a place following the 4 : 0 victory in the first leg - took the lead in the 32nd minute thanks to a goal from stephen ward .
konstantin vassiljev equalised for the away team in the 57th minute .
ireland kept up the pace , but had to wait until the 23rd minute when robbie keane from los angeles had the first clean shot on goal .
the estonian rearguard prevented him at the last moment from taking ireland into the lead .
the goal came in the 32nd minute .
after a failed defence by goalie pavel londak , ward was on the spot and pushed the ball over the line to bring the score to 1 : 0 .
woman critically injured after falling over in tram
a 52-year-old woman was critically injured in berlin-lichtenberg on monday after falling over in a tram .
the police announced in a statement on tuesday that she had undergone an emergency operation in hospital .
the tram was forced to break abruptly on herzbergallee when a vehicle stopped suddenly in front of it .
the car then turned off and drove away - the driver is being traced .
the other passengers on the tram were unhurt .
armed man holds up chemist &apos;s in friedenau
an armed man held up a chemist &apos;s on bundesallee in berlin-friedenau on monday evening .
the police announced in a statement that he had threatened a 25-year-old employee with a firearm and demanded money be handed over .
after the cash draw was handed over , the robber fled unrecognised and with an unknown amount of money .
the female employee suffered from shock .
drunk driver seriously injured
a 21-year-old drunk driver was seriously injured early on tuesday morning on märkische allee in berlin-marzahn .
he attempted to swerve out of the way of a van with trailer that shot out onto the road from a petrol station .
his vehicle skidded , crossed the centre strip into oncoming traffic and crashed into several trees .
the 21-year-old was taken to hospital .
the 40-year-old van driver was unhurt .
cyclist knocked down and seriously injured
a 61-year-old female cyclist was knocked down and seriously injured by a car in berlin-mitte on monday .
the police announced in a statement on tuesday that she had attempted to cross the road on her bike at the pedestrian crossing on the karl-liebknecht-strasse / alexanderstrasse crossing .
a 72-year-old driver drove into her as he was turning off .
the woman was knocked down and taken to hospital for inpatient care in a critical state .
on the run : car thief turns ghost driver
a man was driving a stolen car in charlottenburg at night .
he rammed a parked vehicle and pushed it up against two other cars and three bikes when turning around .
a police pursuit began .
the fugitive sped onto the motorway -
against oncoming traffic !
he scraped against a concrete crash barrier and lost parts of the car .
the car came to a halt and the man fled on foot .
pedestrian shot with an air rifle from a balcony
a female pedestrian in schwedt has been shot with an air rifle from a balcony .
the police announced in a statement that the 32-year-old was out and about on sunday in the vicinity of her flat when she was shot in the back .
she was taken to hospital to treat a laceration .
the police identified four suspects - a 19-year-old is the primary suspect .
a police spokesman said there is no connection between the woman and the suspects .
25-year-old seriously injured in a car accident
a male driver has been seriously injured in the potsdam-mittelmark district in a head-on collision with a lorry .
the police announced in a statement that the 25-year-old mini van driver came off the road on monday afternoon on an a road near wiesenburg and skidded into a crash barrier . the cause of the accident is not yet known .
the car was hurled onto the opposite side of the road by the violence of the impact and collided with a lorry .
the 25-year-old had to be cut out of his vehicle by the fire service .
he was taken to hospital in a rescue helicopter .
fire in cinema on alexanderplatz
a fire broke out in kino cubix on alexanderplatz on sunday night .
the police announced in a statement that around 70 cinema-goers at a late night viewing had to leave the cinema on rathausstrasse shortly after midnight .
no one was hurt .
the fire was probably caused by a technical failure in the electricity system according to the investigations so far .
the power failed at the same time and powerful fumes developed .
woman seriously injured by attempted handbag robbery
a woman has been seriously injured by an attempted handbag robbery in niedergörsdorf in the teltow-fläming district .
the police announced in a statement that the hooded perpetrator surprised the woman on friday at a parking space in front of a shop and tried to grab her handbag .
when the victim defended herself , he struck her hands and head with a truncheon .
he then fled empty-handed .
the woman was admitted to hospital with serious injuries .
grave-tenders robbed
elderly people have repeatedly been robbed in recent weeks at a cemetery in fürstenwalde .
the police announced in a statement that bags , money , mobile phones , bank cards and bunches of keys have been stolen in a total of twelve thefts since mid-october .
the victims were mainly elderly women tending the plots of relatives .
they had left their bicycles or zimmer frames with valuables nearby .
the most recent theft of several hundred euros in cash occurred last friday .
six graffiti sprayers arrested
the police have caught six graffiti sprayers .
the police announced in a statement that the six youths were arrested on sunday in marzahn .
the men , ranging in age from 15 to 25 , had sprayed a railway carriage at hohenschönhausener-grenzgraben .
they had used a ladder to climb onto the carriage and had smashed a window .
a witness notified the police .
the offenders initially fled when officers arrived .
however , they were arrested shortly after at a stop on landsberger allee .
wheelchair user hit by a car and seriously injured
a male wheelchair user has been seriously injured crossing a road in schwedt .
the police announced in a statement that the man attempted to cross a street at the pedestrian crossing on saturday and was not spotted by a female driver .
the vehicle hit the wheelchair and the man fell onto the road and suffered head injuries .
he had to be taken to hospital for inpatient treatment .
seven-year-old hit and injured by a car in wedding
a seven-year-old boy was knocked down and seriously injured by a car on tegeler strasse in berlin-wedding on sunday evening .
the police announced in a statement that he was taken to hospital with injuries to the face and leg .
the child ran out onto the road in front of a car driven by a 53-year-old woman .
the driver was not able to brake in time and the car hit the boy .
the boy was not accompanied by adults .
cyclist seriously injured in kreuzberg
a 46-year-old male cyclist was knocked down and seriously injured by a car in berlin-kreuzberg late on sunday evening .
the police announced in a statement on monday that he had been taken to hospital with head injuries and could not be questioned .
the cause of the collision with the vehicle driven by a 22-year-old man is not yet clear .
burnt out car in köpenick
a car was burnt out early on monday morning on dregerhoffstrasse in berlin-köpenick .
a police spokeswoman said a 34-year-old man attempted to put the fire out .
he was unsuccessful and the fire brigade had to bring the fire under control .
the vehicle was an older model .
arson is suspected , but without a political motive .
hit and run after accident in lichtenberg
a driver fled after a serious accident in lichtenberg on saturday night without helping his wounded passenger .
the police announced in a statement that the man had skidded on möllendorfstrasse , crashed into a tramway pylon and had landed on the trackbed .
a female tram driver was able to brake in time and saw the driver flee .
the fire brigade was informed and had to free a seriously injured 23-year-old from the car wreck and take him to hospital .
the owner of the vehicle later stated that her car had been stolen some time earlier .
fire in a cellar in tempelhof
there was a fire in a part of a cellar on monday night in a house in tempelhof .
the police announced in a statement that tenants of the building on marienfelder allee noticed smoke on the staircase and contacted the fire brigade .
an 18-year-old who had shown conspicuous interest in the fire-fighting operation was initially arrested .
however , he was released as suspicion was not confirmed .
injured people at punch-up in fast food restaurant
two people at a fast food restaurant in pankow were injured in a punch-up on saturday night .
the police announced in a statement that four men aged between 18 and 21 began arguing with two restaurant workers on prenzlauer promenade at around 01 : 20 .
two 19-year-olds attempted to help , but were immediately punched and kicked by the four men .
both suffered head injuries .
the four assailants were arrested in the restaurant .
courageous bystander attacked at underground station - offender arrested
a courageous bystander leapt to help girls being bothered at gesundbrunnen underground station and was beaten up .
three hooligans attacked the 41-year-old man on saturday and sprayed pepper spray into his face after punching him .
the three then fled the scene .
the police announced in a statement that one 19-year-old has been arrested subsequently on suspicion .
a female passer-by called the police from her mobile .
officers found the pepper spray in a bin near the underground station .
the courageous bystander was taken to hospital for outpatient treatment .
construction pit in flames in the embassy quarter
a fire broke out in a construction pit in the embassy quarter of tiergarten on saturday .
the police announced in a statement that construction materials set on fire at around 12 : 00 during welding work on tiergartenstrasse .
the fire caused a large cloud of fumes that could be seen clearly from some distance .
the fire brigade arrived with four crews and was able to bring the fire under control quickly .
a district heating pipe and a power supply line were also affected by the fire .
the structural stability of the construction pit would now also have to be checked , said a fire brigade spokesman .
no one was hurt during the fire .
tiergartenstrasse was closed to car and bus traffic during the fire-fighting operation .
40-year-old seriously injured during robbery
unknown assailants robbed and seriously injured a 40-year-old man on friday evening in berlin-mitte .
the police announced in a statement on saturday that the man was out and about on martin-opitz-strasse at around 23 : 30 when he was approached by the three offenders and asked for the time .
the men then followed him , punched and kicked their unsuspecting victim and fled with his wallet and mobile .
police officers found the seriously injured man lying on the street and called casualty .
the man was taken to hospital .
father attacks tram driver - child looks on
a drunken father verbally abused and then hit a female tram driver on friday evening in front of his four-year-old son .
the police announced in a statement on saturday that the 49-year-old berlin transport authority ( bvg ) worker had to stop on seestrasse in wedding when she was suddenly attacked by the 30-year-old man .
the man punched her in the face while his son looked on .
police officers quickly arrested the drunken man . the boy had to be picked up by his grandfather .
the tram driver was slightly injured .
rubbish bins set alight in wedding
unknown persons set rubbish bins on fire in a back yard in wedding on friday night .
the police announced in a statement that a resident noticed the fire at around midnight and also saw two darkly dressed men fleeing across the adjacent cemetery wall on steegerstrasse .
the fire brigade was notified and quickly put out the fire .
hungry labrador turns on hotplate - apartment fire
a hungry dog is believed to have started a fire in an apartment in brandenburg / havel .
the police announced in a statement on friday that the labrador is thought to have leapt onto the cooker to get to its food .
the dog then must have pushed a switch and turned on the hotplate .
paper on the cooker caught fire .
the fourth floor flat was set alight on thursday afternoon .
the dog died of smoke intoxication .
the 18-year-old tenant who was not in the flat at the time of the fire is being investigated for negligent arson .
star-studded twilight world premiere in hollywood
a flurry of flashing cameras , screaming fans and beaming twilight stars . thousands of curious onlookers gathered on the black-coloured carpet in front of the nokia theatre in los angeles at the world premiere of breaking dawn part 1 .
the procession of stars lasted several hours .
the fans of the vampire saga were not disappointed . vampire actor robert pattinson , his werewolf rival taylor lautner and &quot; bella &quot; beauty kristen stewart signed autographs and posed with fans .
bella finally gets to marry her true love in part four .
sap plans to double workforce in china
europe &apos;s largest software producer , sap , plans to invest billions and almost double its workforce in china in the next few years .
the dax-listed company announced on tuesday that around two billion dollars ( around 1.5 billion euros ) is to be invested by 2015 .
&quot; we will create more research and development facilities and hire thousands of people , &quot; bill mcdermott , co-chief executive of sap , said in a statement at a consumer show in peking .
the 2500-strong workforce is to grow to 4500 .
the world market leader in enterprise software plans to double its number of offices from five to ten or eleven .
sap is currently located in beijing , shanghai , guanzhou , chengdu and dalian .
around 4000 sap customers are in the boom country compared to the company &apos;s more than 176,000 customers worldwide .
the plans for growth in china are also an important pillar of the dax-listed company &apos;s 2015 strategy .
sap plans to increase turnover to 20 billion euros by 2015 .
the company from walldorf made around 12.5 billion euros last year .
business for the software provider is looking better than ever , with 55,000 employees worldwide .
sap has been in china for 20 years .
&quot; we now want to scale our operations , &quot; mcdermott said .
&quot; our aim is to drive sustainable growth through informisation in china . &quot;
mass slaughter on a personal level
peter englund &apos;s intense and bighearted new book , &quot; the beauty and the sorrow : an intimate history of the first world war , &quot; begins with a long dramatis personae of the sort that can make your heart sink .
here is advice for proceeding : gently excise this page and make it your bookmark .
you will be getting to know these people very well in mr. englund &apos;s novelistic telling , and this dramatis personae will function as your gps , a beacon during those few moments when , like one of his men and women , you are confused and bereft in the fog of war .
mr. englund is a swedish historian and journalist .
he is also the new permanent secretary of the swedish academy , which awards the nobel prize in literature .
what he has written here is an unusual book , one he describes , not inaccurately , as &quot; a work of anti-history . &quot;
it contains few big names , major treaties or famous battles ; there are almost no ambassadors , dashing journalists or discussions of tactics and materiel .
it &apos;s not so much a book about what happened , he explains , as &quot; a book about what it was like . &quot; it &apos;s about &quot; feelings , impressions , experiences and moods . &quot;
&quot; the beauty and the sorrow &quot; threads together the wartime experiences of 20 more or less unremarkable men and women , on both sides of the war , from schoolgirls and botanists to mountain climbers , doctors , ambulance drivers and clerks .
a few of these people will become heroes .
a few will become prisoners of war , or lose limbs , go mad or die .
their lives flicker here like votive candles lighted in a church ; new ones are added to the mix while some wink out .
mr. englund &apos;s book is a deviation from standard history books .
it is a corrective too to the notion that world war i was only about the dire trench warfare on the western front .
&quot; the beauty and the sorrow &quot; expertly pans across other theaters of war : the alps , the balkans , the eastern front , mesopotamia , east africa .
soldiers in this book have beehives fall on them ; one has christmas in egypt under the pyramids ; tsetse flies are an intractable problem .
this is a moving book , almost from the start .
war floods these people &apos;s lives like a natural catastrophe , a hurricane katrina that reeks of cordite .
when cannon fire is heard in the distance , and you are a woman at home with your children , do you stay or flee ?
who is coming , anyway ?
almost no one understands what &apos;s happening , even why this war is to be fought .
&quot; lack of facts , &quot; mr. englund observes , &quot; has been padded out with guesses , suppositions , hopes , fears , idées fixes , conspiracy theories , dreams , nightmares and rumors . &quot;
&quot; the beauty and the sorrow &quot; follows individuals like florence farmborough , an english nurse in the russian army , and richard stumpf , a young german high-seas fleet seaman .
their stories are mostly taken from memoirs , letters and other already published material .
the accounts of their lives can be terrifying or stirring , but are most fully alive in mr. englund &apos;s accumulation of small moments , stray details .
many of these are about deprivation and making do .
in telling a german schoolgirl &apos;s story he says : &quot; ersatz , everywhere ersatz . &quot;
&quot; substitute coffee , fake aluminum , imitation rubber , paper bandages , wooden buttons . &quot;
he goes on about the ersatz food in germany .
he describes &quot; meat made of pressed rice boiled in mutton fat ( and finished off with a fake bone made of wood ) ; tobacco made of dried roots and dried potato peel ; shoes soled with wood . &quot;
there are , he notes , &quot; 837 registered meat substitutes permissible in the production of sausages , 511 registered coffee substitutes . &quot;
some stories are about honor and bravery .
one american recognizes his own impulse toward savagery and declares about war : &quot; you feel that , after all , this is what men were intended for rather than to sit in easy chairs with a cigarette and whiskey , the evening paper or the best seller , and to pretend that such a veneer means civilization and that there is no barbarian behind your starched and studded shirt front . &quot;
conversely a british soldier realizes that he will most likely die , and that no one will notice or care .
&quot; once one is resigned to the thought of sacrificing oneself , one would like to think that it might happen in front of an audience , &quot; he writes .
instead , it is horribly like &quot; a condemned man being strangled secretly . &quot;
other observations are about an old europe falling away , and about new types of terror .
&quot; the conflict has increasingly become an economic competition , &quot; mr. englund writes , &quot; a war between factories . &quot;
he catches the arrival of what he calls &quot; a new species in the bestiary of the young century : the articulate and ideologically convinced mass murderer in well-cut clothes who performs his butchery while sitting behind a desk . &quot;
people behave in unanticipated ways ; there is as much base behavior as heroism .
mr. englund discussed the soldiers who actively tried to catch a venereal disease from prostitutes as a way to evade service at the front .
&quot; the most grotesque expression of this can be seen in the trade of gonococcal pus , which soldiers buy and smear into their genitals in the hope of ending up in hospital , &quot; he writes .
&quot; those who are really desperate rub it into their eyes , which often results in lifelong blindness . &quot;
in this translation from the swedish by peter graves , mr. englund &apos;s prose is supple but unshowy , perfectly suited to his humane task .
in dozens of small scenes he catches the way the war has &quot; unleashed uniquely uncontrollable forces : extreme nationalism , social revolution , religious hatred . &quot;
people begin to ask why their leaders are making them fight .
the best books about world war i have often been oblique , like paul fussell &apos;s &quot; great war and modern memory , &quot; or novels , like erich maria remarque &apos;s &quot; all quiet on the western front , &quot; rather than comprehensive histories .
mr. englund &apos;s volume joins an unconventional pantheon .
his book has the most devastating ending i can remember in a piece of nonfiction .
i won &apos;t give it away .
but it &apos;s as if he has reached from his book , snatched that dramatis personae page from your fingers , and lighted it with a match .
after an earlier misstep , a minutely planned raid
hundreds of police officers were involved , some of them wearing riot helmets .
the overnight hours of monday into tuesday were chosen because zuccotti park would be at its emptiest .
the operation was kept secret from all but a few high-ranking officers , with others initially being told that they were embarking on an exercise .
police commissioner raymond w. kelly was at the center , his presence underscoring how the operation was fraught with challenges for the police department .
there could be no repeat of episodes in recent weeks , like the pepper-spraying of protesters , that violated department rules and created a firestorm of public sympathy for the squatters .
and so the police operation to clear zuccotti park of protesters unfolded after two weeks of planning and training .
officials had prepared by watching how occupations in other cities played out .
a major disaster drill was held on randalls island , with an eye toward zuccotti .
officials increased so-called disorder training - counterterrorism measures that involve moving large numbers of police officers quickly - to focus on lower manhattan .
the last training session was on monday night , on the manhattan side of the east river .
the orders to move into the park came down at the &quot; last minute , &quot; said someone familiar with the orders , which referred to the assignment only as &quot; an exercise . &quot;
&quot; the few cops that i know that were called into this thing , they were not told it was for going into zuccotti park , &quot; said the person , who spoke on the condition of anonymity .
&quot; the only people who were aware of them going into zuccotti park were at the very highest levels of the department . &quot;
one reason for the secrecy was a lesson learned by the city .
on oct. 14 , officials wanted to clear the park , but then backed off as hundreds of protesters streamed in ahead of time after hearing of the plans .
the operation on tuesday involved officers from various police units , including boroughwide task forces - scores of mobile officers who are usually used to flood high-crime neighborhoods .
mr. kelly said many people , almost like commuters , had been coming and going from the park during the day , making 1 a.m. a good time to move in .
&quot; it was appropriate to do it when the smallest number of people were in the park , &quot; he said .
emergency service unit trucks with klieg lights and loudspeakers gathered at pike slip and the franklin d. roosevelt drive , near the manhattan bridge , before moving out .
the lights and prerecorded messages booming from the loudspeakers seemed to cow many protesters .
as the community affairs officers moved into the park in their light-blue windbreakers , many protesters simply gathered their belongings and left .
no tents were touched until 1 : 45 a.m. , the police said , giving the protesters time to gather their belongings .
other teams of officers were seen gathering on the perimeter to move in if arrests were needed in the park .
reporters in the park were forced to leave .
paul j. browne , the police department &apos;s chief spokesman , said it was for their safety .
but many journalists said that they had been prevented from seeing the police take action in the park , and that they had been roughly handled by officers .
mr. browne said television camera trucks on church street , along the park &apos;s western border , were able to capture images .
as the police moved west through the dense tangle of protesters &quot; personal belongings , including luggage and plastic lawn and leaf bags stuffed with clothing , crews from the sanitation department followed , scooping up what was left behind .
some protesters who refused to move were dragged out , the images appearing on the internet soon after .
a core group of protesters took up positions close to the encampment &apos;s kitchen area , near the center of the park .
some made a barrier , and the police moved in to methodically arrest them .
about 10 people in the epicenter of the encampment locked themselves together by their arms .
and two people chained themselves to trees , mr. kelly said .
emergency service officers were called in to cut the locks .
no arrests were made in the park until about 3 : 30 a.m. , mr. kelly said .
the clearing operation was complete about 75 minutes later , the police said .
mr. browne said about 142 people were arrested in the park .
most of the arrests were for &quot; disorderly conduct and resisting arrest , &quot; he said .
the highest-ranking officer on the scene was joseph j. esposito , the chief of department , the top uniformed officer in the department .
phil t. pulaski , the department &apos;s chief of detectives , was also there .
mr. kelly , while present , was &quot; not directing operations , &quot; mr. browne said .
a second group of officers waited along the eastern side of broadway , between liberty and cedar streets , in case they had to move in .
barricades were set up at cortlandt street , a block north of the park , and at pine street , a block south .
from those positions , the police were seen expanding the perimeter even farther outward from zuccotti park .
at one point , several officers , many with shields , were seen pushing people farther out .
about 28 people were on the northern perimeter .
some of the rowdiest action of the night took place south of the park .
around 5 a.m. , south of pine street , one protester jumped on the hood of a police car , and others were seen releasing the air from the tires of a police van .
at one point , a piece of plywood came flying from the crowd .
in the end , one officer and one protester were hospitalized .
support workers &apos; union will sue city over layoffs
the union representing hundreds of school support workers who lost their jobs last month plans to sue the city on wednesday , claiming the layoffs were unnecessary and discriminatory because of their disproportionate impact on schools that serve poor students .
the lawsuit is possibly the last weapon available to the union , district council 37 , in its effort to reverse the layoffs .
six hundred seventy-two school aides , parent coordinators and other employees who were among the city &apos;s lowest paid lost their jobs on oct. 7 , in a move union leaders have described as political payback for their refusal to let the city access a health care fund run by labor groups to close its budget gap last spring .
city officials have categorically denied that accusation .
at a city council hearing last month , schools chancellor dennis m. walcott said the layoffs were a part of the budget they signed off on in june .
one council member fired back , telling him that nothing in the budget specified that school support staff members would be laid off .
district council 37 officials said they filed a notice of claim , warning the department of education that it would be sued ; it will hold a news conference on wednesday to announce the lawsuit &apos;s filing formally , in state supreme court in manhattan .
the suit will list mr. walcott and the city &apos;s department of education as defendants , and counts eight laid-off workers as plaintiffs , all of them black or latino women , as were most of the aides who lost their jobs .
elizabeth thomas , a spokeswoman for the city &apos;s law department , said the city had not seen the lawsuit and therefore could not comment on its specific allegations .
according to a draft of the complaint obtained by the new york times , the union has zeroed in on the number of layoffs at schools in poor parts of the city to support a claim of inequitable treatment , saying poor schools lost more aides because they had been chronically underfinanced .
it points out that while there were no layoffs on staten island and few layoffs in schools in the upper east side or tribeca , 17 school aides lost their jobs in district 23 in brownsville , brooklyn , and 46 were let go in districts 8 and 9 in the south bronx .
noting the loss of five out of eight school aides employed by public school 36 in harlem , where 68 percent of the students live in poverty , the lawsuit says , &quot; this is not a neighborhood of well-heeled parents who can fund-raise to make up the budget shortfalls . &quot;
p.s. 36 &quot; s budget was cut by 3.26 percent this year , and it also lost money when the city changed the way it calculates the extra financing for each poor student schools enroll .
the union also claims that high school principals may have been misled by the language in a memo authorizing the dismissal of parent coordinators .
the memo used the word &quot; excess &quot; to describe the action , even though &quot; excess &quot; more commonly describes the act of moving a teacher from a school &apos;s payroll into a pool of available workers whose salaries are paid by the central office .
&quot; sixty-six parent coordinators were laid off , &quot; the draft complaint says , &quot; and not merely excessed . &quot;
mission over , congress ready to agree on libya
it finally looks like republicans and democrats on capitol hill are ready to agree on something related to the uprising in libya .
all it took was for the revolt to succeed , longtime dictator moammar gaddafi to be captured and killed and american involvement to end .
on tuesday , the senate foreign relations committee is to consider a resolution , sponsored by chairman john kerry ( d-mass . ) , along with sens. john mccain ( r-ariz . ) and joseph i. lieberman ( i-conn . ) , applauding libyans for their successful rebellion and u.s. troops for their &quot; bravery . &quot;
&quot; this resolution is about honoring the courageous people of libya as they begin to rebuild their country , &quot; kerry said .
&quot; it &apos;s an affirmation of bipartisan support for their democratic aspirations . &quot;
the language may sound innocuous , but nothing about the libya debate has been easy so far .
this summer , lawmakers from both parties squabbled with each other and the white house over the wording of a series of resolutions to approve or disapprove of the u.s. military &apos;s role in the nato mission in libya .
in june , kerry and mccain introduced a resolution authorizing the limited use of u.s. military forces in libya .
the bill was defeated in the house by a wide bipartisan margin , and it never came up for a vote in the senate .
but on the same day that bill failed in the house , the chamber also voted down a measure that would have cut funding for american operations in libya .
that left the u.s. mission in a form of legislative purgatory - with congress upset enough to criticize obama &apos;s handling of the mission but not so angry as to actually pull the rug out from under it .
then congress &apos;s indecision was overtaken by events .
tripoli fell to libyan rebels in august , and gaddafi was killed oct. 20 .
the nato mission officially ended oct. 31 .
now the senate may be ready to act .
the foreign relations committee resolution &quot; congratulates the people of libya for their tremendous courage and extraordinary resilience in liberating themselves &quot; and &quot; commends the men and women of the united states armed forces and their coalition partners who engaged in military operations to protect the people of libya for their extraordinary bravery and professionalism . &quot;
the resolution also &quot; affirms the national interest of the united states in a successful and irreversible transition to democracy in libya . &quot;
will the new measure earn the full support of the foreign relations panel , or will it split lawmakers like the june bill did ?
the last version was opposed by sen. richard g. lugar ( ind . ) , the committee &apos;s top republican .
lugar &apos;s spokesman said monday that he had not seen the final version of the new bill yet .
across the capitol , the house is to vote this week on a constitutional amendment requiring a balanced budget , a top legislative priority of nearly every congressional republican and some democrats .
the measure , sponsored by rep. bob goodlatte ( r-va . ) , will be the first constitutional amendment on the budget or any other topic to actually get a floor vote in the house or senate this congress .
other lawmakers have been unsuccessful so far in bringing their amendments to the floor , but not for lack of trying .
goodlatte &apos;s is just one of 68 constitutional amendments that have been introduced this congress , spanning a wide range of topics .
some are duplicates - the same bill offered in both the house and senate - and others are slight variations on each other .
there are at least 15 versions of the balanced budget amendment in the house alone , and another handful that would &quot; control federal spending . &quot;
some of those bills are identical too , but they give their sponsors - particularly freshmen republicans looking to burnish their resumes - the chance to brag that they &quot; authored &quot; such a measure .
the budget control act , which passed in august , required that both the house and senate vote on a balanced budget amendment .
in march , 58 senators voted in favor of a non-binding resolution supporting the idea of such an amendment .
beyond the budget , several members want to limit the number of terms members of congress can serve , while rep. josé e. serrano ( d-n.y. ) wants to lift the two-term limit for presidents .
rep. jesse l. jackson jr . ( d-ill . ) has offered a host of amendments guaranteeing the right to quality education and health care , among other subjects .
an amendment prohibiting same-sex marriage is a perennial offering , as is one prohibiting flag-burning .
some lawmakers also want to allow for the nullification of federal laws if they are opposed by two-thirds of the states .
as eager as members have been to offer amendments , they &apos;re not moving at any faster pace than in past years .
in the 111th congress , lawmakers offered 77 such amendments , and they introduced 66 in the 110th .
the pace pales in comparison to that of the early 1990s , when members regularly offered more than 150 amendments every two years , according to numbers provided by the senate library .
but they weren &apos;t much more successful then than they are now .
the last amendment to be added - the 27th - was ratified in 1992 , but it was actually proposed by congress in 1789 .
&quot; beat up but not beaten , &quot; giffords speaks in first tv interview since shooting
ten months after a gunman shot her at point-blank range at a constituent event in tucson , rep. gabrielle gifffords ( d-ariz . ) appeared on national television monday night , sang along to the broadway show tune &quot; the sun will come out tomorrow &quot; and said she wanted to get better more than she wanted to return to congress .
appearing on abc news &apos;s &quot; 20 / 20 &quot; with diane sawyer , giffords struggled to formed sentences and needed help walking .
the show documented her difficult journey back from the damage inflicted by a bullet that fractured her skull and pierced the left side of her brain , passing from the front to the back of her head .
three months ago , she made a surprise return to the house to triumphantly cast her vote on the debt-ceiling deal .
in her first television interview since the january shooting that killed six and wounded 13 , giffords smiled , laughed and sang - and described her recovery as &quot; difficult . &quot;
asked by sawyer how she feels , giffords , 41 , responded , &quot; pretty good . &quot;
the interview with giffords and her husband , astronaut mark kelly , was part of an hour-long &quot; 20 / 20 &quot; special that aired on the eve of the release of the couple &apos;s new book , &quot; gabby : a story of courage and hope . &quot;
the special traced giffords &apos;s recovery since the jan. 8 shooting .
in videos shot by kelly in the first few weeks , she is seen in her hospital bed , her head shaved and a long scar across her forehead .
she is capable only of holding up one or two fingers as her husband encourages her .
months later , giffords is seen sitting up in a wheelchair as therapists teach her how to perform simple actions .
a nod of the head .
a pucker of the lips .
and then , her first word : &quot; what . &quot;
within days , giffords uttered another word - &quot; toast , &quot; a request for a change in her breakfast menu .
videos aired by abc show that music played a central role in giffords &apos;s recovery : the congresswoman is seen singing along with therapists to cyndi lauper &apos;s &quot; girls just wanna have fun &quot; and tom petty &apos;s &quot; free fallin . &quot; &quot;
in the interview with sawyer , giffords , who goes through two hours of therapy every day , said she has no memory of the day of the shooting .
her husband said that he was reading giffords a newspaper story about the shooting on march 12 when she stopped him to ask for the first time about the six who had been killed in the incident .
suspected gunman jared lee loughner is being held at a missouri prison and is being forcibly medicated as he awaits trial .
&quot; a lot of people died , &quot; giffords told sawyer .
&quot; tough , tough , tough . &quot;
at one point in his wife &apos;s recovery , kelly told sawyer , she said , &quot; i &apos;ve been beaten . &quot;
&quot; so , i would say , &quot; gabby , you have not been beaten , &quot; &quot; kelly said .
you &apos;ve just been beat up .
and you &apos;re going to get through this , and you &apos;re going to recover and you &apos;re going to come back stronger than ever .
troops feel more pity than respect
the event was a wall street gala that raised millions of dollars for homeless veterans in new york city .
kid rock sang a ballad about helplessness , frustration and loss .
on cue , several hundred soldiers , sailors , airmen and marines strode into position around him .
the black-tie crowd rose to its feet and cheered .
&quot; the servicemen and women were regarded as heroes , &quot; said david saltzman , who organized the spring fundraiser .
a senior military officer at the gala , also attended by the joint chiefs then-chairman , adm. mike mullen , saw the troops &quot; role differently .
&quot; they were rolled out like some sort of orphan kid , &quot; the officer wrote in an e-mail .
i &apos;m sure the organizers meant well .
i know they did .
but it wasn &apos;t respect , really . it was pity .
the starkly conflicting impressions illustrate the uneasy relationship that has taken hold between the military and an often distant , sometimes adoring american public .
the troops are lavished with praise for their sacrifices .
but the praise comes with a price , service members say .
the public increasingly acts as if it feels sorry for those in uniform .
&quot; we aren &apos;t victims at all , &quot; said brig. gen. sean b. macfarland , who commanded troops in iraq and will soon leave for afghanistan .
&quot; but it seems that the only way that some can be supportive is to cast us in the role of hapless souls . &quot;
the topic is a sensitive one for military leaders , who do not want to appear ungrateful or at odds with the public they serve .
they also realize that the anger that returning troops faced in the latter years of the vietnam war was far worse .
as a result , most of the conversations about pity take place quietly and privately among combat veterans .
after his two sons returned from combat tours with the marines , retired col. mark cancian warned them that people outside the military would view their service from two perspectives .
some would look at them with a sense of awe because they faced down insurgents and traveled to exotic places .
others would wonder whether there was an &quot; angry , violent veteran beneath the surface , &quot; said cancian , who fought in iraq and returned to a senior government job in washington .
during his job search , he said , he sensed that some interviewers had subtly inquired whether he would be able to hold up under the strain of a demanding washington job immediately after his combat tour .
&quot; when you talk about your service , you need to counter the negative impressions , &quot; cancian recalled telling his sons .
the military &apos;s unease springs , in part , from american indifference to the wars .
battlefield achievements are rarely singled out for praise by a country that has little familiarity with the military and sees little direct benefit from the iraq and afghanistan wars .
&quot; we , as a nation , no longer value military heroism in ways that were entirely common in world war ii , &quot; said retired lt. gen. david barno , who commanded u.s. troops in afghanistan .
instead , praise from politicians and the public focuses largely on the depth of a service member &apos;s suffering .
troops are recognized for the number of tours they have endured , the number of friends they have lost or the extent of their injuries .
military faces mounting pressure to crack down on rape
this week , a landmark hearing will decide whether 28 women and men have a case against the military for alleged inaction on rape .
if not , hundreds of plaintiffs are lining up for the next one .
pfc. elizabeth lyman was 25 years old and 11 weeks pregnant the night she says she was raped by a fellow soldier .
it was october 2008 , and she was heading back to her barracks at miramar air station , just north of san diego , after dinner with a friend when she ran into a male colleague carrying a 12-pack of beer .
he asked if he could join her in her room for a drink .
&quot; a red flag went up , &quot; lyman says .
but the texas native brushed aside her concern .
i thought , no , he &apos;s 19 .
&quot; he &apos;s from texas , &quot; she says .
&quot; i wish i had listened to my instincts . &quot;
within minutes of entering lyman &apos;s room , the man came up from behind her , throwing her down and raping her , she alleges .
this week , on nov. 18 , lyman and 27 other current and former military personnel will anxiously await a court ruling in a historic hearing to be held in arlington , va . , that will decide whether a suit they have brought against former defense secretary robert gates and his predecessor , donald rumsfeld , will go to trial .
the suit alleges that gates and rumsfeld failed to curtail widespread rape within the military , in violation of soldiers &quot; constitutional rights .
filed in february by susan burke , a washington , d.c. , attorney , the suit initially involved 17 plaintiffs but grew to 28 in the following months - 25 women and three men , all of whom allege that they were raped or sexually assaulted by fellow soldiers , and that the military failed to investigate , prosecute , or provide adequate justice after the alleged attacks .
burke says she is going after the military &apos;s top brass because the problem begins with them .
&quot; the military is a top-down structure , &quot; she says .
&quot; who are the individuals who are in the position to eradicate the culture of retaliation ? the top leadership . &quot;
burke also says that since february , she has been contacted by nearly 400 other survivors , many of whom could be part of future suits .
her strategy : rather than piling all the plaintiffs into this case - putting all her eggs in one basket , so to speak - she will file multiple cases , if need be , to keep the pressure on .
the defense team for the department of defense , led by united states attorney neil macbride , has filed a motion to dismiss the case .
the court papers , obtained by newsweek , detail the defense strategy - essentially , that the military cannot be sued by current or former soldiers for injuries incurred in the armed forces .
per a 1950 supreme court ruling called the feres doctrine , the federal government is not liable for injury sustained by active-duty personnel .
&quot; the alleged harms are incident to plaintiffs &quot; military service , &quot; the documents say .
the department of defense declined to comment for this story .
things have changed since the &apos; 50s .
while women are still officially prohibited from serving in combat , that distinction is in name only : modern wars rarely have clear front lines .
in both iraq and afghanistan , teams of female soldiers are playing increasingly important roles , especially in reaching out to local women in war zones .
the result : between those two wars , 150 female soldiers have died - two thirds of them during combat situations .
it &apos;s time for the military to modernize as well , burke says .
she isn &apos;t alone in her fight ; three other lawsuits are under way in addition to hers .
at yale law school , the veterans &quot; legal services clinic is preparing a case against the four major military academies for allegedly fostering a misogynistic atmosphere .
separately , the nonprofit vietnam veterans of america is assembling a suit against the military that focuses on the &quot; personality disorder &quot; diagnoses assigned to rape victims in order to discharge them from service - a common occurrence , according to activists such as anu bhagwati of the service women &apos;s action network , a human-rights group .
her group filed a suit in december against the veterans administration , charging it with discriminatory practices in the way it handles benefit claims for people who say they were sexually assaulted in the service .
nine separate bills have been introduced in congress by a bipartisan mix of senators and representatives , proposing a range of fixes .
in 2010 there were 3,158 sexual assaults reported , according to the department of defense &apos;s sexual assault prevention and response office .
but assaults are notoriously underreported , and by the pentagon &apos;s own estimate , that figure accounts for approximately 13.5 percent of the estimated 19,000 incidents that occurred that year .
the report , released in march , also examines prosecution rates : in 2010 , 20 percent of reported cases in the military went to trial - half the rate of the civilian justice system .
the plaintiffs in burke &apos;s case describe their attacks as just the first of a series of traumas .
in lyman &apos;s case , she reported the alleged rape to military police less than an hour after it occurred .
that night , she says , she was asked to recount the details of her rape 11 separate times to a stream of police , doctors , and commanders .
she did a rape kit , and her assailant &apos;s blood - from a cut on his arm - was found in her bed .
six months later , in april 2009 , lyman sat through a hearing before a judge , during which she was questioned about having had sex with her boyfriend earlier on the day of the attack .
six people testified as character witnesses on behalf of the alleged perpetrator , who was eventually acquitted .
&quot; i remember the day when the verdict was read , &quot; lyman says .
&quot; i thought i was going to go into labor - i ran screaming from the courtroom . &quot;
&quot; they put me into the psychiatric unit , and when i got out , i remember saying to my command officer , &quot; that wasn &apos;t his trial . that was my trial . &quot; &quot;
lyman was ordered to visit a military psychiatrist , who eventually diagnosed her with a personality disorder , rendering her unfit for service .
in january 2010 she was discharged under less-than-honorable terms , preventing her from receiving any benefits .
as for whether the case filed by lyman and her fellow plaintiffs moves forward , it &apos;s a long shot , says john turley , professor of law at george washington university law school .
however , he notes , &quot; in my view they should be able to move forward . &quot;
what stands between them and a verdict is this doctrine that has been criticized since it was first issued .
i &apos;ve been a lifelong critic of the feres doctrine .
the military is decades behind because they don &apos;t have the same incentive and deterrent posed by liability .
he adds , &quot; the odds are heavily against them ... but it &apos;s important for them to try . &quot;
these things only change when good people are willing to fight .
if the hearing doesn &apos;t go their way , burke , the plaintiffs &quot; lawyer , will cue up her hundreds of other plaintiffs for future cases .
&quot; we will continue battling the military on this issue until reform occurs , &quot; she says .
or until we die , whichever comes first .
walls have eyes : how researchers are studying you on facebook
before he became the new face of right-wing extremism in europe , anders behring breivik was just another guy airing his anti-immigration views online .
on monday , breivik , who admitted to a killing spree in norway in july which left 77 people dead , faced his first public court hearing .
while breivik may have acted alone , he was far from alone in cyberspace : he had spent much of the time leading up to his attack at his computer , chatting with some of the millions of nationalists who support right-wing groups on social-networking sites .
after this summer &apos;s tragedy , researchers wanted to find out more about these people .
but how to find them ?
easy - just log on to facebook .
&quot; we realized that it wasn &apos;t that difficult to get to them at all , &quot; says jamie bartlett , the lead author of a recently published report on european digital populism by british think tank demos .
facebook &apos;s stash of personal information is so encyclopedic , says bartlett , that the researchers could simply use the site &apos;s advertising tool to pinpoint their desired demographic with scientific accuracy - the way marketers have been doing for years .
bartlett &apos;s team found half a million fans of right-wing groups across europe and then targeted them with ads , but instead of linking to a new band or diet product , the ads invited users to complete a survey that asked questions about their education level , attitudes towards violence and optimism about their own future .
by reaching out through facebook , bartlett and his colleagues were able to survey over 10,000 followers of 14 far-right parties in 11 european countries - all without ever leaving the office .
&quot; it &apos;s quite a new way of doing research , &quot; bartlett says .
some of the results aren &apos;t all that surprising : online supporters of right-wing groups tend to be young , male , and vexed by immigration .
but in something of a twist , &quot; those who combine their online activism with offline activism are more reasonable , more democratic and less violent than those who just remain behind the computer screen . &quot;
demos &apos;s work is just one example of how facebook is becoming a hot new tool in the hands of scientists .
think tanks , medical researchers and political scientists are using the site to study everything from health issues to social trends as expressed in &apos; likes &apos; , wall posts and status updates .
with over 800 million active users adding an average of three pieces of content per day , the facebook &quot; data supernova &quot; is generating a research boom , driving the number of academic papers with the site &apos;s name in the title up almost 800 % over the past five years .
for some researchers , the beauty of facebook is that it lets you study people you couldn &apos;t approach with a clipboard on the street .
&quot; before , when you tried to survey people from the british national party , it would be very difficult to identify them . &quot;
&quot; you &apos;d have to go through the party and they would never allow you access , &quot; says bartlett .
&quot; facebook cuts all that out - you go to them directly . &quot;
others say the site could offer a way to identify and tackle social-health problems .
a recent study by dr. megan moreno of the university of wisconsin , madison and her colleagues found that undergraduates who discussed their drunken exploits on facebook were significantly more at risk for problem drinking than students who were silent on the topic .
moreno suggests that students &apos; peers , such as residential advisors , could monitor the site and intervene to help a student who posts one too many boozy status updates .
&quot; you can &apos;t treat a problem if you can &apos;t diagnose it , &quot; dimitri christakis , moreno &apos;s co-author and director of the center for child health , behavior and development at the seattle children &apos;s research institute , told the washington post .
&quot; we &apos;ve found a way to identify kids at risk who would not otherwise be diagnosed . &quot;
facebook , too , is constantly tapping into its own population for data .
the site &apos;s data team has worked up stats on relationship status and valentine &apos;s day , voter turnout in the 2010 midterms , and a national happiness index ( mainly using information only it can access - champions of digital freedom have long held that the site should make its vast trove of data available to others for research . )
but facebook &apos;s users know the site is watching them , whether they like it or not - the trade off for being able to play scrabble with a friend thousands of miles away is allowing the site to mine your personal information .
but what about when facebook users become part of a survey they don &apos;t even know about ?
while researchers have well-defined guidelines about how they collect their data offline , online it &apos;s a free-for-all .
&quot; i don &apos;t think a lot of users had even thought about the fact that a researcher could be looking at their profiles , &quot; says neil selwyn , a sociologist at the london knowledge lab , of a 2006 study he conducted using students &apos; public facebook walls .
&quot; as far as they were concerned , it was just between them and their friends . &quot;
then there &apos;s the question of methodology .
even offline , there &apos;s no guarantee that a research subject is being completely honest .
on facebook , it &apos;s impossible to know how much of a user &apos;s profile information and wall posts are true .
&quot; what you say on facebook and what you do outside of facebook are two completely different things , &quot; says selwyn .
which is why , despite his years as a technology researcher , selwyn thinks a clipboard and a pen are still the best research tools anyone can use .
&quot; there &apos;s no substitute for going into the real world and speaking to real people , &quot; he says .
&quot; social research is supposed to be about the social - and a hell of a lot of the social still takes place offline . &quot;
&quot; cold and inhuman &quot; : anders behring breivik makes first public court appearance
anders behring breivik , the man who confessed to masterminding twin attacks that killed 77 people in norway this summer , has described himself as a &quot; resistance &quot; fighter during his first public court appearance in oslo .
&quot; i am a military commander in the norwegian resistance movement and knights templar norway , &quot; he said before a courtroom packed with 500 people .
&quot; i object to the court because you received your mandate from organizations that support hate ideology and because it supports multiculturalism . &quot;
&quot; i acknowledge the acts but i do not plead guilty . &quot;
judge torkjel nesheim interrupted breivik during that monologue because he &quot; did not want to give breivik the opportunity to use this hearing as a platform for him to express his views . &quot;
for the same reason he refused to allow breivik , who brought a pre-written speech with him , to address the relatives of his victims at the end of the hearing .
nesheim also ordered police to hold breivik in custody for 12 more weeks , banned him from accessing media for four weeks , and said that authorities will have tight control over all visits and correspondence for eight weeks .
around 30 survivors and victims &quot; relatives attended the hearing .
some came hoping to look breivik in the eye , others to confirm that he is being held under lock and key .
all attended with the goal of moving toward closure .
&quot; i thought he seemed cold and inhuman , &quot; one utoya survivor told norwegian broadcaster nrk .
&quot; it was uncomfortable , but for me i moved on a little bit after seeing and hearing the suspect . &quot;
dressed in a dark suit and blue tie , breivik remained calm and professional throughout the hearing and looked journalists and survivors in the eye as he entered and exited the building .
despite breivik &apos;s bizarre notion of being part of a larger &quot; resistance &quot; movement , the judge determined that he is not insane , and said that there is no evidence he acted with accomplices .
it may comfort some that the july 22 attacks seem to be the work of one extremist rather than a group of radicals .
but that doesn &apos;t automatically ease the grief and confusion that an entire nation still feels .
&quot; i wish he looked like a monster , but he doesn &apos;t , &quot; a relative of one victim said .
&quot; it would be so much easier if he did . &quot;
7 lessons from the lost steve jobs interview , showing at a theater this week
following the death of steve jobs on oct. 5 , there were some who compared him to henry ford - singling out the tech genius as the great modern inventor .
but what apple fans might find most revealing in a recently rediscovered jobs interview dusted off in advance of special movie screenings in major markets this week , is how much this creative mind understood about business processes and product workflows .
he was certainly a designer , dreamer and self-identified hippie , but he was also a meticulous organizer and flow-chart tweaker - a man who believed that many business executives suffered from &quot; a disease of thinking that a really great idea is 90 percent of the work ... &#91; but &#93; there &apos;s a tremendous amount of craftsmanship between a great idea and a great product . &quot;
back in 1995 , bob cringely was developing the tv series triumph of the nerds about the dawn of the personal computer , and he sat down for more than an hour with jobs for a rare , extended conversation .
at that point in time it had been roughly 10 years since jobs had been forced out of apple , and he was already hard at work at his new computer company next , looking forward to the popular adoption of the internet .
while a small portion of cringely &apos;s interview was used in nerds , he says that the interview &apos;s master copies went missing in shipping .
it was only following jobs &quot; death that a complete vhs copy was discovered in the director &apos;s garage .
this footage , slightly re-edited , is the basis of the 68-minute steve jobs : the lost interview , coming to landmark theaters this wednesday and thursday .
for someone known to loathe in-depth interviews , jobs seems surprisingly eager here to expound on his technological philosophies and business strategies .
and incredibly thoughtful .
at four different points during the interview , there are major gaps between questions and answers - 10 to 15-second ruminations , where jobs is clearly weighing his thoughts , aiming for precision .
there are also moments where jobs &quot; perfectionism rises to the surface , where he seems impatient about cringely &apos;s questions , nudging him to move faster towards issues or subplots of greater import .
filmed before the era of pixar , the ipod or the iphone , there &apos;s something eerily prescient about the lost interview , as jobs assesses what he sees other companies doing right and wrong , and offers his own vision of the future of computing .
it &apos;s one thing to read posthumous appraisals of jobs &quot; career , but there &apos;s something raw and inspiring about the jobs we see here , the anxious dreamer on the brink of greatness .
he has a vision for the way things could be and should be .
not long after spelling it all out here he went and did it .
a quick rundown of seven notable lost interview sequences :
on how he learned to run a business :
&quot; throughout the years in business , i &apos;d always ask : &quot; why do you do things ? &quot; and the answers you invariably get are : &quot; oh , that &apos;s just the way it &apos;s done . &quot; &quot;
nobody knows why they do what they do , nobody thinks about things very deeply in business .
that &apos;s what i found .
jobs goes on to detail his efforts to streamline accounting at apple .
baffled by the way costs were recorded - often beginning with a &quot; standard cost &quot; that amounted to a blind guess , which was then adjusted with a &quot; variance &quot; - he developed an automated factory that ensured they could determine business costs down to the second .
on pranking the pope :
jobs recounts the &quot; blue box &quot; that he built with steve wozniak - a device that allowed people to effectively hack the phone company and make long distance calls for free .
the device has been widely written about before , but jobs &quot; euphoria here in describing the blue box as an act of empowerment is infectious .
he describes how he and wozniak would test the box by using a pay phone , placing a call , and then connecting from one at &amp; t network to another while looping in as many satellites as possible .
&quot; we were wrapping things around the globe a half dozen times and you would yell through the pay phone and it would come through a minute later in the pay phone next door , &quot; jobs says with a giggle .
&quot; we were young and what we learned was that we could build something ourselves that could control billions of dollars of infrastructure around the world . &quot;
us two , we didn &apos;t know much , but we could build a little thing that could control a giant thing - it was an incredible lesson , and i don &apos;t think there would have ever been apple without it .
jobs goes on to detail one glorious prank that he and wozniak nearly pulled of , ringing the vatican via the blue box in the middle of the night and requesting to speak to the pope , while doing their very best impression of henry kissinger .
as various members of the catholic hierarchy were summoned in the middle of the night to talk to the american diplomat , the two burst into giggles just before the pope himself was roused to come answer the phone .
on falling in love with technology ( and cold-calling bill hewlett ) :
at the age of 12 , on the hunt for spare parts to build a frequency counter , he looked up bill hewlett in the phone book and gave him a call .
not long after their 20-minute phone conversation , jobs landed a part-time summer job at hewlett-packard .
&quot; that made a remarkable influence on me , it was the only company i had seen at that age and it formed my view of what a company was and how well they treated their employees . &quot;
jobs later became one of the hp employees to visit the company &apos;s palo alto research labs , where he saw &quot; the first desktop computer ever made . &quot;
it was as big as a suitcase , had a small cathode ray tube display , and i fell in love with it .
i would get a ride up to hp as a teenager and hang around that machine and write programs for it .
on improvising innovation :
at several points in the interview , jobs talks about inventing new products on the fly .
early in his career , as he set out to sell a handful of circuit boards , he was asked by a customer to assemble the full computer .
working on only 30 days of credit , he had to figure out both the assembly and delivery of the finished devices .
later while at apple , he recalls the struggles he faced in developing a computer mouse :
&quot; i remember having dramatic arguments ... they were screaming at me that it would take five years &#91; to build a mouse that would cost $ 300 &#93; , and i got fed up and went outside and found a designer . &quot;
ninety days later , we had a mouse we could build for $ 15 that was incredibly reliable .
on great companies losing steam :
long before he led the revival of apple , jobs presciently foresaw the ways in which so many industry leaders would stumble in their vision , and lose control of their market share .
&quot; say you work at ibm or xerox , so you make a better copier or printer , so what ? &quot;
you have a monopoly of the market share , so the company &apos;s not more successful .
sales and marketing makes it more successful , so &#91; it &apos;s those kinds of people &#93; who end up running companies and the product people get driven out of the decision-making forum .
the product genius that led to that monopolistic position is rotted out by people who have no conception of good products vs. bad products - the craftsmanship required .
that &apos;s what happened at xerox ...
xerox could have owned the entire computer industry .
it could have been ten times its size , could have been the microsoft of the 90s ...
they grabbed defeat from victory .
on innovation as art form :
&quot; there &apos;s a tremendous amount of craftsmanship between a great idea and a great product ... as you evolve that great idea , it changes and grows . &quot;
you learn a lot about the subtleties of it .
there are tradeoffs you have to make - certain things you can &apos;t make electrons do , glass do , robots do , factories do .
you have to keep 5,000 things in your brain - these concepts - fitting them all together ...
ultimately it comes down to taste - it comes down to trying to expose yourself to the best stuff humans have done , and then trying to bring those things in to what you &apos;re doing .
picasso said that good artists copy , great artists steal .
we &apos;ve always been shameless about stealing great ideas .
it &apos;s part of what made the macintosh great , was that the people who were working on it were musicians , poets , artists , zoologists , historians who just happened to be the best computer scientists in the world .
if not for computer science , they would be doing amazing things in other fields .
scalia and thomas dine with healthcare law challengers as court takes case
the day the supreme court gathered behind closed doors to consider the politically divisive question of whether it would hear a challenge to president obama &apos;s healthcare law , two of its justices , antonin scalia and clarence thomas , were feted at a dinner sponsored by the law firm that will argue the case before the high court .
the occasion was last thursday , when all nine justices met for a conference to pour over the petitions for review .
one of the cases at issue was a suit brought by 26 states challenging the sweeping healthcare overhaul passed by congress last year , a law that has been a rallying cry for conservative activists nationwide .
the justices agreed to hear the suit ; indeed , a landmark 5 1 / 2-hour argument is expected in march , and the outcome is likely to further roil the 2012 presidential race , which will be in full swing by the time the court &apos;s decision is released .
the lawyer who will stand before the court and argue that the law should be thrown out is likely to be paul clement , who served as u.s. solicitor general during the george w. bush administration .
clement &apos;s law firm , bancroft pllc , was one of almost two dozen firms that helped sponsor the annual dinner of the federalist society , a longstanding group dedicated to advocating conservative legal principles .
another firm that sponsored the dinner , jones day , represents one of the trade associations that challenged the law , the national federation of independent business .
another sponsor was pharmaceutical giant pfizer inc , which has an enormous financial stake in the outcome of the litigation .
the dinner was held at a washington hotel hours after the court &apos;s conference over the case .
in attendance was , among others , mitch mcconnell , the senate &apos;s top republican and an avowed opponent of the healthcare law .
the featured guests at the dinner ? scalia and thomas .
it &apos;s nothing new : the two justices have been attending federalist society events for years .
and it &apos;s nothing that runs afoul of ethics rules .
in fact , justices are exempt from the code of conduct that governs the actions of lower federal justices .
if they were , they arguably fell under code &apos;s canon 4c , which states , &quot; a judge may attend fund-raising events of law-related and other organizations although the judge may not be a speaker , a guest of honor , or featured on the program of such an event . &quot;
nevertheless , the sheer proximity of scalia and thomas to two of the law firms in the case , as well as to a company with a massive financial interest , was enough to alarm ethics-in-government activists .
&quot; this stunning breach of ethics and indifference to the code belies claims by several justices that the court abides by the same rules that apply to all other federal judges , &quot; said bob edgar , the president of common cause .
&quot; the justices were wining and dining at a black-tie fundraiser with attorneys who have pending cases before the court . &quot;
their appearance and assistance in fundraising for this event undercuts any claims of impartiality , and is unacceptable .
scalia and thomas have shown little regard for critics who say they too readily mix the business of the court with agenda-driven groups such as the federalist society .
and thomas &quot; wife , ginni , is a high-profile conservative activist .
moreover , conservatives argue that it &apos;s justice elena kagan who has an ethical issue , not scalia and thomas .
kagan served as solicitor general in the obama administration when the first legal challenges to the law were brought at the trial court level .
her critics have pushed for kagan to recuse herself from hearing the case , saying that she was too invested in defending the law then to be impartial now .
kagan has given no indication she will do so .
boeing gets record $ 18-billion jetliner order
emirates airline orders 50 twin-aisle boeing 777 jetliners with an option for 20 more .
boeing also sells six boeing dreamliners to oman air , a deal worth more than $ 1 billion .
it &apos;s rarely news when a company gets an order for 50 units of its product .
but it &apos;s a big deal when the company is airplane-maker boeing co. and the list price for those 50 airplanes totals a record $ 18 billion .
just as big is where boeing got the order : the middle east , a growing gold mine of future airplane orders .
in a forecast released monday , the chicago company estimates that airlines in the middle east over the next 20 years will need 2,520 airplanes worth $ 450 billion .
boeing over the weekend announced its biggest-ever order by dollar value for commercial airplanes - 50 twin-aisle boeing 777 jets .
the blockbuster order came from emirates airline in dubai .
the airline also has an option to buy 20 more planes , which would push the total list price to $ 26 billion , boeing announced at the 2011 dubai air show .
then on monday , boeing said oman air ordered six boeing 787-8s , the so-called dreamliner , which boasts dramatically better fuel economy and passenger amenities .
list price for six of those is more than $ 1 billion .
&quot; this is clearly a huge positive for boeing , &quot; morningstar analyst neal dihora said .
&quot; the quality of these particular customers is pretty strong . &quot;
many middle east airlines are owned by their oil-producing nations .
so , not only do they have the money to pay for planes , but a surge in fuel prices - usually damaging to airlines because it &apos;s one of their biggest costs - is not as detrimental because the country is making money on the higher price of oil .
that &apos;s important because they will be less likely than other airlines to cancel or delay airplane orders when fuel prices rise , dihora said .
&quot; they have a natural hedge , &quot; he said .
the emirates order solidifies boeing &apos;s lead in the market for wide-body planes and helps hold at bay competitor airbus sas &apos; attempt to encroach on its dominance with the a350 airliner .
boeing &apos;s win at the air show comes four months after airbus said it would push back the debut of the largest a350 , which competes directly with the 777-300er .
it delayed the debut to add more thrust after customers demanded more payload and range .
boeing co shares rose 1.5 % to $ 67.94 .
mexico president &apos;s sister apparently defeated in michoacan vote
luisa maria calderon alleges that drug traffickers helped opponent fausto vallejo of the pri in the governor &apos;s race .
president felipe calderon &apos;s sister appears to have lost her bid for governor of michoacan during violent state elections , and she alleged monday that drug traffickers helped tip the race in favor of one of her opponents .
preliminary results gave the lead in the race for governor of the western state to fausto vallejo of the institutional revolutionary party , or pri .
&quot; the intervention by organized crime during the entire election process and especially yesterday is alarming , not just for michoacan but for the entire country , &quot; luisa maria calderon said in a radio interview a day after sunday &apos;s vote .
&quot; they threatened our candidates , our poll workers .... they seized ballot boxes , set up roadblocks ... and ordered people to vote &quot; for the pri .
the pri ruled mexico for seven decades until losing the presidency in 2000 .
but it is staging a comeback , and victory in michoacan is an important step in that effort .
the pri is hoping to win the presidential election in july .
vallejo appears to have only narrowly edged out calderon , who had led polls before election day .
calderon , a candidate for her brother &apos;s conservative national action party , or pan , refused to recognize vallejo as the winner .
silvano aureoles , the candidate for the leftist democratic revolution party , or prd , which currently holds the governorship , came in third , a bad defeat for the divided and hapless left ahead of the 2012 presidential vote .
aureoles also refused to recognize the preliminary results .
vallejo , former mayor of the state capital of morelia , denied ties to drug traffickers and urged the other candidates to accept the results .
michoacan has long been dominated by drug cartels specializing in marijuana , heroin and methamphetamines .
it is president calderon &apos;s home state , and he chose michoacan to launch a military-led offensive against traffickers in december 2006 .
yet violence has persisted .
a pan mayor was assassinated a week before the election as he campaigned for luisa maria calderon , and numerous candidates quit local races out of fear .
for the pri , though , however nasty the michoacan election looks , a win will help the party &apos;s momentum .
the man expected to represent the pri in the presidential race , enrique pena nieto , speaking from washington , congratulated vallejo and said , &quot; i think this victory should be very encouraging , looking ahead to next year . &quot;
adb urges asia to help rescue eurozone
the asian development bank has called for india and china to be ready to help rescue the eurozone from its sovereign debt crisis to avoid a long-term downturn that will stunt the growth of asian economies .
rajat nag , the managing director of the manila-based adb , said the world &apos;s two fastest-growing large economies had to &quot; do all they can &quot; to speed the recovery of the the currency bloc either through the international monetary fund or direct bilateral arrangements .
he warned against bric &#91; brazil , russia , india , china &#93; countries looking at europe &apos;s difficulties in a &quot; dispassionate way &quot; and said that asian financial assistance alongside european leadership and resources would help avoid a long-term breakdown in the global economy .
&quot; we are all in this together . &quot;
&quot; so anybody who can help europe get out of the crisis is useful , &quot; he told the financial times in an interview on the sidelines of the world economic forum in mumbai .
&quot; asia may be shielded to some extent but it cannot be immune . &quot;
&quot; so if china and india can help , by all means . &quot;
europe &apos;s monetary union has been badly undermined by a sovereign debt crisis in past months .
in recent days , italy &apos;s borrowing costs have soared dangerously and the prime ministers of both italy and greece have resigned .
the unfolding sovereign debt crisis in europe has raised fears that it could push the global economy back into recession and prompted calls for leading emerging economies to band together to help the eurozone find a solution .
mr nag predicted that any asian support would be channelled through the imf , but said bilateral assistance -- like buying the bonds of the eu &apos;s bail-out fund , the european financial stability facility -- offered greater bargaining power to europe &apos;s asian partners .
anand sharma , india &apos;s minister of trade , said that &quot; india will do whatever it can &quot; to help the eurozone as its own economy was now suffering falling exports and a drying up of foreign capital inflows .
&quot; nobody wants the eurozone to remain unstable and turbulent , &quot; he said .
&quot; we have monumental challenges and we have to sustain a high level of growth . &quot;
&quot; it is not an option , it is an imperative , because where do we find employment for tens of millions of our young men and women . &quot;
others argue that developing economies like india have no business helping wealthy europeans when they face their own profound economic challenges .
ashutosh varshney , a professor at brown university in the us , said it would be politically very difficult to sell assistance to europe to india &apos;s 1.2bn people , of whom as many as 800m live on about $ 2 a day or less .
&quot; sometime they will find out that greeks retire at the age of 50 and go on holiday to beaches and it won &apos;t go down well , &quot; he said .
lee howell , the managing director of the world economic forum , likewise questioned why india &apos;s reserves should be used to keep greece &apos;s numerous and well-paid public sector workers in jobs in poorly managed , loss-making utilities like the railways .
mr nag said that the eurozone crisis threatened &quot; significant knock-on effects &quot; across asia .
the adb &apos;s forecast of 7.5 per cent economic growth in asia for 2011 / 12 now faced &quot; risks on the downside &quot; because of the threat from europe .
he said vulnerable emerging markets needed to make &quot; contingency plans &quot; to protect themselves from a downturn and significant capital outflows from their economies .
dire warnings from pentagon over potential defense cuts
defense secretary leon panetta turned up the heat on congress monday , warning that looming automatic budget cuts would undermine national security and set off a financial chain reaction from the hallways of the pentagon , to the battlefields of afghanistan , to civilian assembly lines .
the pentagon already is digesting $ 450 billion of reductions over the next decade but now fears an additional $ 600 billion or more in cuts may be imminent if congress cannot reach a deal on spending .
&quot; the impacts of these cuts would be devastating for the department , &quot; panetta said in a letter to sens. john mccain , r-arizona , and lindsey graham , r-south carolina .
he said that congressional failure to reach a budget agreement and the resulting so-called sequestration would trigger 23 % across-the-board reductions and a halt to many new projects .
&quot; such a large cut , applied in this indiscriminate manner , would render most of our ship and construction projects unexecutable -- you cannot buy three quarters of a ship or a building -- and seriously damage other modernization efforts , &quot; panetta wrote to the senators .
&quot; we would also be forced to separate many of our civilian personnel involuntarily and , because the reduction would be imposed so quickly , we would almost certainly have to furlough civilians in order to meet the target . &quot;
&quot; these changes would break faith with those who maintain our military and seriously damage readiness . &quot;
the cuts would eventually hit combat troops , panetta said .
&quot; while wartime funding in the overseas contingency operations accounts is not directly affected by the sequester , war efforts would be adversely affected by the severe disruption in the base budgets , &quot; panetta warned .
&quot; contracting personnel would be cut , resulting in delays in the contracts and the contract oversight that support the war . &quot;
&quot; payroll personnel would be cut , resulting in late payments to wartime vendors , and legal and policy support would be disrupted . &quot;
the two senators had written panetta 10 days ago , asking for details of the potential impact of the automatic cuts on the defense department .
&quot; the consequence of a sequester on the defense department would set off a swift decline of the united states as the world &apos;s leading military power . &quot;
&quot; we are staunchly opposed to this draconian action , &quot; the senators said in a joint statement monday afternoon when they released panetta &apos;s letter .
&quot; this is not an outcome that we can live with , and it is certainly not one that we should impose on ourselves . &quot;
&quot; the sequester is a threat to the national security interests of the united states , and it should not be allowed to occur . &quot;
whether the panetta letter and the fresh warnings from senators will increase pressure for a budget compromise or step up calls to exempt the pentagon from cuts remains to be seen .
panetta has been increasingly outspoken about the possible cuts , although he came to the top pentagon job with years of budget expertise himself in congress and the white house and knowing that he was facing tough choices .
at a news conference last week , the secretary of defense painted a bleak picture of what could lie ahead -- a military with a shell but no core .
&quot; it &apos;s a ship without sailors . &quot;
&quot; it &apos;s a brigade without bullets . &quot;
&quot; it &apos;s an air wing without enough trained pilots . &quot;
&quot; it &apos;s a paper tiger , an army of barracks , buildings and bombs without enough trained soldiers able to accomplish the mission , &quot; panetta said in his opening remarks at the pentagon .
&quot; it &apos;s a force that suffers low morale , poor readiness and is unable to keep up with potential adversaries . &quot;
&quot; in effect , it invites aggression .. &quot;
in an addendum to his letters to mccain and graham , panetta spelled out new specifics of how reductions &quot; generate significant operational risks : delay response time to crises , conflicts , and disasters ; severely limits our ability to be forward deployed and engaged around the world ; and assumes unacceptable risk in future combat operations . &quot;
and panetta said that some of the biggest defense projects could face the ax , including those already being tested and some just in early stages of planning .
that list included the f35 joint strike fighter , a planned new bomber , the next-generation ballistic submarine , the new littoral combat ship and the new ground combat vehicle the army and marines need to replace the humvee .
halting further development and testing the f35 could generate some $ 80 billion in savings over 10 years but its supporters say it is a vital next step to upgrade and meet potential threats from china and other rivals .
how to spot a lie
a glance at recent headlines indicates just how serious and pervasive deceit and lying are in daily life .
republican presidential candidate herman cain is busy trading allegations of sexual harassment with several women ; each side accuses the other of lying .
administrators at penn state have been charged with perjury for allegedly covering up reports that a retired football coach was sexually assaulting boys .
last week french president nicolas sarkozy was caught on an open microphone asserting to u.s. president barack obama that israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu is a liar .
lying has destroyed careers and convulsed countries .
new york congressman and internet flasher anthony weiner made a fool of himself issuing denials quickly contradicted by incontrovertible evidence .
former presidential candidate john edwards has been charged with campaign finance violations connected to the cover-up of an extramarital affair .
and then again , no one who lived through it will ever forget the media circus president bill clinton unleashed by lying during his second term in office about his sexual involvement with monica lewinsky .
tales of cheating on school and college tests are rife .
there have been instances where teachers have given students test answers in order to make themselves look good on their performance reviews .
mentors who should be teaching the opposite are sending a message that lying and cheating are acceptable .
how much deceit do we encounter ?
on a given day , studies show , you may be lied to anywhere from 10 to 200 times .
now granted , many of those are white lies .
another study showed that strangers lied three times within the first 10 minutes of meeting each other .
detecting lies , or &quot; lie spotting , &quot; is an essential skill for everyone to acquire , for both personal and professional reasons .
far from being a parlor game similar to , say , charades , where the object is to exclaim , &quot; gotcha , &quot; deception detection is a serious branch of knowledge based on scientific data collected over the last six decades at prestigious universities conducting in-depth research projects , especially in psychology and physiology .
one result of the research is that most old myths about lying have been debunked .
liars do look you in the eye .
they do not always stutter , stammer , blush or fidget .
don &apos;t conclude from this that liars are hard to spot and difficult to unmask .
a trained lie spotter can get to the truth by learning about statement structure , facial micro-expressions , question formation and timing .
i spent several years surveying the scientific findings in the vast and ever emerging body of knowledge on deception , and it is clear that deception detection is a modern skill that is easy to learn and helpful in navigating our complex world -- especially if your professional responsibilities include hiring , interviewing , negotiating or managing .
good liars are skilled at reading others well , putting them at ease , managing their own emotions and intuitively sensing how others perceive them .
we know from research that extroverts lie more than introverts , that men tell more &quot; self-oriented &quot; lies while women tell more &quot; other-oriented &quot; lies -- usually to protect someone &apos;s feelings -- that married people lie less frequently to their partners than unmarried people do ( but the lies they do tell tend to be &quot; whoppers &quot; ) .
we also know that if you are perceived as a wrongdoer , others will feel less guilt in lying to you .
how do you tell if someone is lying ?
first , observe your subject &apos;s normal behavior .
this is called &quot; baselining . &quot;
it helps provide a reference point for measuring changes later .
observe your subject &apos;s posture , laugh , vocal quality .
you &apos;d better know if someone normally taps their foot all the time so you don &apos;t make unjust accusations when you see foot-tapping in the middle of the meeting .
then look for clusters of deceptive verbal and nonverbal behaviors .
consider these clusters red flags , not proof of deception .
deceptive people might freeze their upper body when trying to remember their story , they might point their feet toward the door , lean toward an exit , shift their posture in significant ways or exhibit &quot; post-interview relief &quot; -- that exaggerated exhale of relief and shift in posture when all the hard questions are over .
interrogators often falsely signal that an interview is over just to look for that post-interview relief .
also , pay attention to your subject &apos;s language .
scott peterson famously slipped and used the past tense while claiming his murdered wife was alive , launching a nationwide search for her .
deceptive individuals might also use distancing language : &quot; i did not have sexual relations with that woman ... miss lewinsky &quot; or repeat a hard question in its entirety .
the most common verbal indicators are subtle .
someone might use lots of &quot; qualifying language &quot; when answering a hard question : &quot; well ... to tell you the truth ... as far as i know ... to the best of my knowledge . &quot;
this renders the answer perceptual rather than factual and is often a red flag .
there &apos;s no magic bullet for detecting lies , but developing skills to ferret out deception is possible .
these skills will enhance anyone &apos;s chances of avoiding victimization by scam artists in their professional and personal lives .
controversial oil pipeline plan to be rerouted after threat of delayed u.s. approval
days after the obama administration threatened to delay approval of a planned oil pipeline from canada to the gulf of mexico -- angering unions while appeasing environmentalists -- the company seeking to build the pipeline says it &apos;s willing to reroute the project to get it back on track .
transcanada said monday evening it will move the planned pipeline out of the environmentally sensitive sandhills area of nebraska , and is confident the project will still win approval .
the company announced the decision at a news conference at the nebraska capitol .
transcanada official alex pourbax says the company remains confident it will eventually get a pipeline approved , albeit with a different route .
that comes after the state department &apos;s announcement last week that it would delay a decision on a federal permit for the project until it studies new potential routes that avoid the sandhills areas of nebraska and the ogallala aquifer , a vast underground water supply .
&quot; this is a real path forward , &quot; rep. lee terry , a republican from nebraska , told fox news .
the new environmental review ordered by the state department likely would push off any decision until 2013 , after next year &apos;s elections , though officials denied that politics was involved in the decision .
obama , in a written statement last week , described the decision as the state department &apos;s call , and expressed support for it .
the 1,700-mile pipeline would extend from canada to the gulf of mexico .
it would carry 700,000 barrels per day from the province of alberta to refineries in texas .
to do so would require it crossing six states .
it is hated by environmentalists but loved by labor groups , who have banked on the estimated 20,000 jobs tied to the pipeline .
but nebraska lawmakers opposed to the plan are weighing legislation to force a move away from the sand hills region and ogallala aquifer , a major source of drinking water and irrigation .
the state department &apos;s current environmental impact study found the project would pose only limited adverse environmental impacts , but the energy industry source said the department &apos;s inspector general has ordered a separate probe of the review process , centering on two questions .
one is whether a lobbyist hired by transcanada , paul elliott , who was a campaign adviser to hillary clinton in 2008 , represents a conflict of interest for the program .
the other is whether a firm that was hired to conduct the original study was an inappropriate choice because it was tied to transcanada .
patti labelle sued for allegedly causing toddler to vomit out of fear
a new york family claims that disco diva patti labelle launched into a rampage in the lobby of their manhattan building , terrifying their toddler daughter to the point where she threw up in fear .
the &quot; lady marmalade &quot; singer &apos;s tirade frightened 18-month-old genevieve monk so badly that she suffered &quot; personality changes , sleep disorder &quot; and &quot; increased fear of strangers , &quot; her family says in the manhattan supreme court suit .
it was nov. 10 of last year when stagehand kevin monk , his kindergarten-teacher wife , roseanna , and genevieve were getting ready to go on a family trip .
while kevin monk got the car , roseanna monk came down to the lobby of their riverside boulevard building with their luggage , carrying genevieve .
roseanna monk said she stopped near the door and put her daughter down for a moment .
&quot; someone came up behind me and said , &quot; do you know what your daughter is doing ? &quot; i said &quot; yes &quot; and went to pick her up , &quot; she said .
labelle angrily admonished the pregnant woman .
&quot; she said in an aggressive tone , &quot; you shouldn &apos;t have left your daughter by the door , &quot; &quot; roseanna monk said .
&quot; i told her , &quot; i have no interest in what you say or think . &apos; &quot;
she became enraged and started using profanities -- the c-word and the f-word in a loud voice ...
she had a bottle of water and started flicking water from the bottle on me .
she said genevieve got hysterical .
&quot; i said to this woman , &quot; look what you &apos;ve done to my daughter , &quot; &quot; the child &apos;s mother said .
labelle lunged at the mom -- who was still holding genevieve -- and had to be restrained by her entourage and pulled out to a waiting car , roseanna monk said .
the tot was crying so hard that she vomited , she added .
later , the family sent a note asking for an apology from labelle but got no response .
labelle &apos;s lawyer and representatives did not return calls for comment .
the suit seeks unspecified damages , but the family &apos;s lawyer , sam davis , said he took the case for free and that the family plans to donate any money it gets to a children &apos;s cancer charity .
&quot; the purpose is to hold patti labelle responsible for her conduct , &quot; davis said .
&quot; that kind of behavior is completely unacceptable , especially when aimed at a kindergarten teacher carrying an 18-month-old child . &quot;
the climatic adversity slowed down the economy
during the first year of mario lopez valdez management , in sinaloa increased the unemployment and the informality , foreign investment declined and the economy was reduced .
2011 is a year that will be remembered in the economic history of sinaloa , being related to the first year of mario lopez valdez government also called the year of change , which generated great expectations as regards the development of the economy , but given the climatic adversity of the beginning of the year , there was no growth , however there was registered a decline in the main indicators of economic development .
the low february temperatures , not only did they cause losses of millions for the agricultural sector , but they limited the possibilities of the state economy to grow , causing a contraction of the economic activity in general of 3.6 percent in the first half of the year , mainly supported by the historic fall of 31.16 per cent in agriculture , which affected the dynamics of other economic sectors .
according to the report regarding the areas affected by the frost , issued by the mexican council for sustainable rural development there were damaged 835.582 hectares , out of which 78.03 percent suffered total damage and the remaining of 21.07 percent had partial damage . the main damaged crops were the vegetables , corn and chickpea .
the fall in the economic activity has generated , until november , a constant increase of the unemployment in the state , according to the national institute of statistics and geography , the unemployment state rate during the first three quarters of the year registered an accelerated growth , from january to march 55.053 sinaloa habitants were unemployed , with a rate of 4.53 percent of the economically active population for the second quarter , the rate became 5.28 percent , and between july and september the average continued to increase to 6.19 percent , a rate that in terms of the number of people represents more than 74.000 of unemployed sinaloa habitants , an increase compared to the first half of 18.969 individuals .
lower liquidity
unemployment in sinaloa during the year is multi-factorial , for the economist gerardo lopez cervantes , director at the faculty of economics and social sciences of the uas , the growth of unemployment can be explained indirectly , depending on the actions that the public policy has been taken .
&quot; what we &apos;re seeing now is an increase of the unemployment that has to do with several factors , including the loss of liquidity in the market for the purpose of a resource constraint imposed by the legislation that passed in the congress in order to combat money laundering since for the people who illegally possess dollars is not easy work with , invest and use them in something &quot; he said .
stopped immigration
lopez cervantes said that in the increase of unemployment there is also a demographic factor .
&quot; the number of people who leaves the state in search of a job abroad , in the united states has been restricted , first of all due to the difficulties to enter , and second of all because once they enter they already have too many difficulties in finding a job , that group of people is staying and demanding jobs here , in the state , causing the rate of unemployment to rise , &quot; he said .
informality
the labor market analysis of sinaloa gets worse when considering the high level of informality that prevails among the working conditions , according to inegi , 60.38 percent of the active population in the state works without being quoted as workers to any social security institution .
in addition to the unemployment and informality , another state labor reminder is represented by low wages ; the entity has the lowest wages in the country , according to the records of the mexican social security institute and the ministry of labor and social welfare .
the monthly average income of sinaloa workers was , until september , 5.352 pesos , well below the national average , that is of 7.375 pesos .
contraction of fdi
in addition to the fall in economic activity and high unemployment rate , in 2011 there was recorded the largest decline in foreign direct investment over the past 10 years , according to the ministry of finance from january to june the state fdi totaled 630.697 dollars , which represents a fall of 87.74 percent compared to the 5.143.312 dollars during the same period of last year .
for its part , the ministry of economic development of the state government accounted a total investment of 17.280.000 pesos during the year , which occurred mainly in tertiary sector companies .
debt
against the backdrop of economic downturn , the state government asked in july during the state congress , the approval of a credit of 3 billion pesos , which would be for the investment in infrastructure projects in 18 municipalities , in order to reactivate the economy , the local congressional approval was for a total of 2.600 million pesos , and until november no benefits of the debt were observed in any sector of the state economy .
reactions
for business representatives , the first year of mario lopez valdes government demonstrates a lack of capacity of the government .
miguel loredo lopez , president of the national chamber of transformation industry , said that during 2011 there was a lack of harmonization of the wills of various sectors , including the state government itself .
&quot; the performance of the economy in sinaloa this year has been really poor , one has to work hard in order to regain the ground lost this year , in 2012 we must redouble our efforts , we failed to align the efforts of all and above all the good and synchronized motion of the new government team , we hope that next year will be much better &quot; he said .
economic slowness
lopez loredo said that the events such as early frost this year stopped the state economy and its performance and growth were restricted .
&quot; the low economic flow is the product of several events , including frost , one of the main effects has been a slow economy which does not turn fast enough for generating an economic dynamism that allows having an acceptable flow level of the processes , products and services and therefore , at the end of the year we are closing it below our expectations , &quot; he said .
redefining the vocation
teodoro salazar uriarte , president of the employers &quot; confederation of the mexican republic in sinaloa , said that the state is required to prosecute the most dynamic productive activities .
&quot; overall , we found that there has been working on , we believe it is necessary to develop a long term program that redefines the vocation and the economic course of the state , it is important to detonate all the material and human potential resource that sinaloa has , &quot; he said .
work to do
coparmex president stressed the importance of establishing a future vision to guide better the efforts of the government .
&quot; overall i would say that the government has been striving to be successful in various fields , in terms of economic development there is some progress but it is important to develop a long-term program , &quot; he said .
he noted that the current administration has shown progress in its own manner of leading the public policy .
&quot; there are elements that allow us saying that the government is becoming more inclusive , and what i can say is that there is work done and i think the government is aware that there is work to do , &quot; he said .
they condemn him for 8 kilograms of marijuana
five years in prison and a fine of 100 days was the sentence given to a navolato citizen for the possession of eight kilos of marijuana .
the general attorney office reported that the sentenced drug dealer is omar alexis valenzuela sandoval , for the crime against health , in its variant of possession of marijuana for purposes of trade .
according to the record ap / sin / cln / 687 / 2010 / mi , valenzuela sandoval was arrested by the mexican army , the 7th of june 2010 , in a surveillance operation on the street cipriano valdez , in front of the post 80 in the town of el castillo , navolato .
the drug dealer was driving a white pickup truck , where he was carrying a black bag in the box of the vehicle and on the passenger &apos;s seat a small backpack , where the soldiers found eight kilograms and 23 grams of marijuana .
for these reasons , the insured was put at the disposal of the second district court and the sentenced person continues to be a prisoner at the center for supporting the legal consequences of the crime .
there must be made contributions to works
the social works referred to in the programs such as habitat , rescue of public spaces and 3x1 for migrants risk not to be completed or to have serious delays due to the lack of funds , said miguel angel lopez miranda .
the director of municipal social development indicated that although so far the work programs have advanced they are at risk because the state government failed to make the contributions that correspond , which represent a resource superior to 11 million pesos in all three programs .
he noted that the total investment in these three programs is of nearly 50 million pesos , of which the state has to contribute with 25 percent and so far only the federation and the municipality have provided resources for the works , so the possible delay in the completion of these is in force .
&quot; they have to contribute with almost 12 million and even though the year is ending they have not given us a dime , since starting with july they had to give us a part , &quot; he said , &quot; in order not to delay we have started the works and they are very advanced , but we need the money . &quot;
he mentioned that last year , during the administration of jesus aguilar padilla , the state did not comply with the contributions it had to make , so that at the beginning of the administration the municipality had to borrow money in order to cover more than 7 million , a sum that was not provided on that occasion by the state administration .
&quot; it happened to us in the previous administration because the state did not have the financial capacity to participate and the programs continued advancing , and this year in order to access these programs we had to get the resources to cover what the state left pending , &quot; he explained .
although there is a commitment of the state authorities to comply with the delivery of these resources , he said that the request was made ​ ​ to the secretary of administration and finance , armando villarreal , to speed up the efforts so that the percentages that correspond to them to come as quickly as possible .
&quot; they have to contribute with almost 12 million and even though the year is ending they have not given us a dime . &quot;
the court validates &quot; digital television transition &quot; in mexico in 2015
the replacement of analog with digital is one of the most important changes that has hit the world in recent years
the supreme court of justice ( scj ) rejected the constitutional controversies brought by the senate and house of representatives against the presidential decree that brings forward the so-called &quot; digital television transition &quot; from 2021 to 2015 , since the eight votes needed to invalidate it were not obtained .
a minority of four ministers , including the president of the court , juan silva meza , considered that president felipe calderon did not exceed his authority by issuing a decree detailing the actions to take in order to achieve the transition to the digital terrestrial television .
with this result , the constitutional controversy promoted by the senate , was rejected for not meeting the qualified majority of eight votes for the court to pronounce on the constitutionality or unconstitutionality of the decree , and this remains in force .
the sentence project prepared by the minister olga sánchez cordero , proposed to declare unconstitutional the decree , because the regulation of radio and television materials is a power reserved by law to the federal telecommunications commission ( cofetel ) , in violation of the principles of hierarchical subordination and law reserve .
only zaldivar , jorge mario pardo , margarita luna and sánchez cordero voted for the project .
with this argument , both the senate and the chamber of deputies promoted two constitutional controversies to contradict the decree , and to support the claims , the minister sánchez cordero suspended the application of the decree and all actions stipulated there regarding the digital transition .
at the ministers &quot; meeting there was also decided to reject the claim filed by the chamber of deputies , without entering into the discussion of the project , also in charge of the minister sánchez cordero .
in his speech , the minister said he did not agree with the arguments of the project in the sense that the federal executive cannot structure through general rules the measures for the public administration to get prepared .
&quot; nor do i consider that if made would affect the autonomy of the regulatory body , &quot; and recalled that the planning of public policies in strategic areas such as the telecommunications sector correspond to the federal executive , who has a constitutional mandate , the guidance of the state .
the replacement of analog to digital is one of the most important changes that have hit the world in recent years , and results in a better utilization of the radio-electric spectrum , better signal quality and more channels .
delaying the change , he said , would mean delaying the benefits of digitization , which involves a public interest decision , which has not only a technical dimension , &quot; as it covers economic , social , political and national security issues . &quot;
these issues , he said , &quot; require the operation of the entire system established under the principle of the state economic stewardship , comprises a group of powers which the constitution leads to the state executive power . &quot;
he recalled that a large number of countries around the world has now completed the digital transition , and has done it through the executive , despite of having highly specialized technical bodies .
there cannot be concluded that the government , by issuing the contested decree , that invades in any way the competence of the congress , is providing in the administrative area the observation of the laws issued by the legislature , he said .
they analyze the possibility of a &quot; vote by vote &quot; count in michoacán
according to the data transmitted by the perp the difference between the first and second place in the gubernatorial election is of only 27 percent , even without counting the votes corresponding to 879 of the total of 6.074 minutes .
the possibility of counting &quot; vote by vote &quot; is a reality as regards the electoral process of this year in michoacán , where according to the data obtained from the preliminary electoral results program ( perp ) the difference between the first and the second place of the governor &apos;s election is of only 27 percent , even without counting the votes that correspond to 879 of the total 6.074 minutes .
in this regard , the president of the general council of michoacán electoral institute ( mei ) , maria de los angeles llanderal zaragoza , recalled that a few days ago , the last november 9th , the electoral body approved a set of guidelines in order to harmonize the local regulations with the electoral federal reform .
as it will be recalled , michoacán did not authorize the constitution or the electoral code of the state or the electoral justice act , since the congress of the state approved the reforms shortly before the legal deadline for them to come into force in this electoral process and the governor leonel godoy rangel omitted its publication within the periods specified in the law in the state official gazette , arguing that he had some objections .
the same november 9th , the supreme court of justice ( scj ) resolved the constitutional controversy promoted by the local legislature and described as &quot; invalid and illegal &quot; the vote of the state representative for the constitutional reforms , since he has no right &quot; to sanction or vote them . &quot;
interviewed about the possibility of the &quot; vote by vote , &quot; maria de los angeles llanderal stated that with the adoption of the appropriate guidelines by the general council of the mei it will be possible to perform partial and total counts of the vote by the local electoral body .
thus , the partial recount of one or more electoral boxes may occur in the assumptions that : the results of the records do not match ; there is no record of the count on the record of the box or they are not included in the power of the president ; or when there are obvious errors or alterations of the minutes .
in addition , the total count of the vote received in all boxes of the election may take place when there is an indication that the difference between the alleged candidate winner of the election in question and the one who has obtained the second place in the voting , is equal to or less than one percentage point , as long as at the beginning of the session there is a request of the representative of the party and / or coalition that nominated the second of the mentioned candidates .
the total vote count will also be done if at the end of the ordinary calculation is established that the difference between the winner and the candidate placed on second position is equal to or less than one percentage point , as long as there is a request of the representative of the political party whose candidate came on the second position , case in which there will be excluded the electoral boxes that have been considered during the partial recount .
there should be noted that in this situation is the election of morelia , where according to perp the difference between the first and the second place is of just 0.16 percent , even without counting the votes of 129 of the 923 total minutes .
his last will
his ashes will be spread in the mountains of zapalinamé , confirms the family .
the remains of the pilot felipe bacio cortes arrived in saltillo , his hometown , this sunday night ; on monday there were carried out the reconnaissance and a requiem mass .
according to the family the last wish of the lieutenant colonel was his ashes to be spread in the mountains of zapalinamé .
after receiving a tribute together with the other persons who died in the accident , the family of bacio cortes returned to the capital of coahuila on the board of an aircraft of the mexican air force , the closest people attended the ceremony at the campo marte .
at noon the ashes of the lieutenant colonel arrived at the chapel located on the boulevard nazario ortiz garza , where family and friends were coming .
at 5 : 30 in the afternoon he received the reconnaissance of the technological institute of saltillo organized by his former high school classmates and the football team , that felipe bacio was a part of , during his high school preparation .
&quot; his wish was to return to saltillo , and his ashes to be spread in the mountains of zapalinamé , he always said this to his family and friends , &quot; this is what was announced by sandra cortes bacio the sister of the pilot .
for her , the lieutenant colonel had fulfilled all his dreams , she considers that he was at the height of his life , &quot; he was a successful man , an extraordinary father , son , and a loving brother and devoted to his family . &quot;
felipe cortes bacio left very young the city of saltillo in order to enter the college of the air in zapopan , jalisco .
some did not believe him , they said that he got dizzy even in the truck , but always wanted to fulfill his dream , that of becoming a pilot .
his nephew jorge alberto dávila bacio remembers him as a very good person , &quot; just arrived in saltillo the whole family wanted to greet him , as when he brought martha sahagun to saltillo . &quot;
the young man recalls that even when he was seven years old he traveled to zapopan for the graduation of his relative , so he knows that his uncle died doing what he loved most in life : piloting an aircraft .
they give him a last farewell
shot guns were fired for the lieutenant colonel of the mexican air force , felipe cortés bacio , headed by the governor jorge torres lopez , the people of the village and government of the state , the mexican army , through the sixth military zone , the mexican air force itself , managers and students of the technological high school of saltillo , where he studied in 1985 and made himself remarked both in study or in sport gave him the last farewell .
bacio cortés died the past days when the helicopter he piloted collapsed , along with secretary of the provincial government , josé francisco blake mora , and six others , all officials of this department .
at 18 : 05 the remains of bacio cortés ( cremated ) , a citizen of saltillo arrived to be given by the funeral home to members of the mexican air force , led by major james martinez , on the esplanade of the training school , where he was already expected by his family , including his daughter amanda and his wife cristina , her mother , brothers and other relatives , students and teachers .
three bodies are found left in the nl cadereyta farm
hours before the discovery , the military authority presented in media eleven persons who were detained in the same municipality for crimes related to organized crime .
three men were found shot dead in different parts of the body and with the shot of grace , in an abandoned farm of the municipality of cadereyta jimenez , nuevo leon .
the discovery occurred at kilometer 1.5 of the cadereyta road to santiago , at the height of the community known as el castillo .
several people who went through the site noted that in the country-house , whose wall is beige with brown , the gate was wide open .
looking inward , at about three meters , they located the bodies of three people , so they immediately gave notice to the corresponding authorities .
one of the men wore a yellow t-shirt with black jeans , with no shoes , and near him there was one man with white under vest .
at almost one meter there was the body of another individual with red shirt and blue jeans .
the three were face down .
according to the data obtained there , the three persons were killed in another place , since there were no cases on the site .
on the fence of the country house there are legends directed from one organized crime group to another , and there are several bullet holes in it and in the gate .
11 are captured in cadereyta
the national defense secretariat made ​ ​ the presentation of the 11 people , including a minor , who were part of a criminal group that operated mainly in the municipality of cadereyta and who are accused of abductions , killings , &quot; inveigles &quot; and clandestine burials .
according to the released information , initially ​ ​ on november 11th in the colony of los alvero there were arrested eight people and one person who remained deprived of his / her liberty was rescued .
they were given three houses and a cell phone , claiming to be members of the criminal group called &quot; los zetas . &quot;
the another event occurred on november 12th at 06 : 00 am , the military personnel made a surveillance tour in the village rancho viejo in cadereyta , seeing a car without number plates and with two men on board .
by stopping them and making the inspection , the militaries found a rifle , a chamber and 18 cartridges .
subsequently , after these statements , on november 13th at 14 : 00 one of his accomplices was stopped in the common land of la pravda , who seeing the military tried to escape .
he is accused of clandestine burials in the municipalities of the general teran , china and cadereyta .
wednesday there will be formed the new italian government
the appointed prime minister , mario monti , will meet tomorrow with the president of italy in order to present the new government that will face the crisis that has put the country on the edge of an economic disaster
the designated italian prime minister , mario monti , will meet wednesday with the president of italy in order to present the new government that will face the crisis that has put italy on the edge of an economic disaster and has endangered the entire euro zone .
a statement from the presidential palace announced that monti , named on sunday , will meet on wednesday with the president , giorgio napolitano , to confirm that he can form a government .
he is expected to present a cabinet composed largely of technocrats , although it is unclear when the new executive will undertake the position .
monti said the he will present to the president the results of his talks with the political parties in his attempt to form a government .
&quot; i want to confirm my complete confidence in the ability of our country of getting out of this difficult phase , &quot; said the former european commissioner to the reporters .
monti did not say explicitly that he could form a government but the tone of his comments indicated that the obstacles had been overcome .
the &quot; framework is now well delineated , &quot; he said .
monti has completed the process of forming a government in less than three days , much less than the normal , while italy fought a political and financial crisis that has driven the cost of its debt to unsustainable levels .
the new administration led by the former european commissioner monti must approve a tough austerity package demanded by the european leaders in order to regain the confidence in italy .
underlying the pressure on monti to hurry , the instable markets put the yield of the italian btp bonds to 10-year above 7 percent , the level at which greece and ireland were forced to be rescued .
emma marcegaglia , leader of the italian employers &apos; federation told the reporters after meeting with monti : &quot; we said we would support very much this government . &quot;
we believe that this government is the last chance for italy to get out of this emergency situation .
monti &apos;s chances of success were considerably boosted by the support of the ldp party of silvio berlusconi , who was forced to resign on saturday due to the crisis .
&quot; we believe that the efforts of professor monti are destined to have a good outcome , &quot; said to the reporters angelino alfano , secretary of the center-right party .
the support of the ldp , the largest party in italy , is significant because until now many of its members had opposed the government majority made of technocrats that monti is forming .
parliamentary support
monti &apos;s new government must have a strong parliamentary support for applying the reforms that are likely to be unpopular austerity reforms .
any blockage or delay in their efforts could lead to a new and devastating attack on the financial markets .
the italian association of foreign banks added to the pressure by warning that a failure of monti would be a disaster .
monti began on monday his consultations with the political parties , unions and business groups , as well as with youth and women organizations .
he will end his meeting on tuesday night .
monti was appointed on sunday by napolitano , who has enabled an extremely rapid transition in response to the crisis .
after a brief rest at the end of last week , when it became clear that berlusconi would resign , the italian debt costs have now reached critical levels between uncertainties about whether the new prime minister will succeed .
rescuing italy with a public debt of 1.8 billion euros would be too much for the current financial defenses of the euro zone .
monti has said that his government would last until the next elections scheduled for 2013 , despite the widespread predictions that politicians would only give him time to implement the reforms before moving forward with the elections .
monti said he would like to include politicians in his cabinet , but the major parties insist that it must be made only of technicians , an indication of his objections to a process forced by the financial pressure .
political sources said that the mutual mistrust and disagreement between the parties are complicating the attempt to include political figures .
the familiarity of the spanish is higher than that of the ticos
of the 22 players called in spain , ten passed 50 international games .
on the side of costa rica only one of 22 called players reached 50 games .
a minor contrast to costa rica , comparing the 22 players called by both countries for the friendly game today , at 3 : 05 pm at the national stadium in san jose .
while the world and europe champions , number one in the monthly top of fifa , have a long record of class a inter selection , the tricolor has only the defender michael umana as the only one who has 50 international games .
that number was reached friday before the game against panama ( 0-2 ) , in rommel fernandez .
spanish football players playing in the all-star league and in powerful clubs of the premier league of england are during the year very active in league and local cup competitions and there are high-level shocks in the european cups and champions league .
to this is added the spanish fury experience in complicated qualifications for euro and world cup .
the ticos players , however , have a limited international experience in an area such as concacaf , which is considered the lowest level within fifa
we see that the peak of the spanish selection is the goalkeeper iker casillas , who last saturday against england ( game lost with 0-1 in london ) equaled the record of the ex goalkeeper andoni zubizarreta , with 126 international matches .
casillas will play today against the tricolor and will impose a new record of 127 international matches for spain .
xavi hernandez , the player of barcelona , has 106 matches .
casillas and xavi were recognized last week by uefa together with the other player of the iberian team , zubizarreta with 126 matches and schalke striker raul gonzalez with 102 .
almost near the centennial number is carles puyol , with 97 games .
xabi alonso follows them with 91 , fernando torres , with 90 , david villa and sergio ramos , both with 81 , andres iniesta , with 62 , cesc fabregas , with 61 , and david silva , with 53 .
on costa rican side , and close to michael umana , are the left-lateral junior diaz , with 48 matches and the striker bryan ruiz , with 45 .
after this , only five exceeded the 30 games : keilor navas with 31 , randall azofeifa with 32 , michael barrantes with 31 , carlos hernandez with 36 and jose luis lopez with 35 .
the least .
more than 30 matches in spain have gerard piqué ( 37 ) , sergio busquets ( 36 ) , santiago santi cazorla ( 32 ) , alvaro arbeloa ( 31 ) and raul albiol ( 31 ) .
on the national side , with less than 30 presences , there are roy miller with 26 , winston parks with 26 , gabriel badilla with 25 and roy myrie with 23 .
the rest doesn &apos;t come near the 20 .
while nacho moreal has only four games and jordi alba two , in costa rica victor bolivar has only one olman vargas and nelson edder did not debut yet .
the leading scorer of spain is david villa is , with 50 goals , followed by fernando torres with 27 .
for costa rica , bryan ruiz is the one that registers more points , two more than carlos hernandez and three more than roy myrie and parks .
quintet included the country on the tour for celebrating two decades of experience
&apos;going to costa rica is a dream come true&apos;
in an exclusive interview with viva , the bassist jeff ament , of pearl jam , said the band is ready to offer one of its best concerts next sunday at the national stadium .
there were more than 20 years of wait , but the band says that for the member is also a dream turned into reality playing in the country .
this was stated by the bassist and founding member , jeff ament , who spoke exclusively with viva , from brazil , last week .
the group is on the south american zone within the tour celebrating two decades of work and sunday 20th will make its only stop in central america .
that day they will be present at the national stadium , starting at 7 : 30 pm , together with the band of los angeles the x and the band of the nationals las robertas .
this is an excerpt of the conversation , whose full transcript is online in the nation .
for your followers from costa rica , is a dream come true that pearl jam will play in costa rica ? are you aware of what your fans are experiencing ?
going to costa rica is a dream come true for us too .
this is only our second time in south and central america and so far has been great .
i &apos;ve been to costa rica only once , on vacation , it is a beautiful country and i think we &apos;ll be able to stay a few days there .
so we are excited to bring our music there .
i ask this because there is a kind of devotion to the band ; the fans live with intensity the days before the concert .
what do you say to your most fervent followers ?
thank you for staying with us through all these years .
it took us almost 21 years to get to costa rica , thanks for waiting so long and we regret that it took us so long to get here .
some people as regards your concert refer to it as the biggest show of the year .
does this add a bit of pressure on your visit ?
some of the biggest shows we &apos;ve played over the past 21 years occurred during the last couple of weeks .
we had a few wonderful shows in sao paulo and we hope that this has put us in shape for this concert in costa rica .
really , we are very eager to play there .
we love this country , we love to surf and the jungle , for both things , costa rica is one of the best countries in the world .
how did you discover costa rica and its waves for surfing ?
we have many friends who are surfers and i have a great friend who lives in tamarindo and the waves here are incredible .
my friends are always going to surf in costa rica and nicaragua , along with mexico , these are great places to surf , and that &apos;s how we learned about , through people who love surfing .
viewing the tour , one can say that you have been making great shows with lots of songs .
what have you planned for the presentation in costa rica ?
as we have never played there before , then we have no restrictions on what we can do .
we will try to make the best show possible with a good variety of songs ; we will try to play a couple of songs of each album and give our fans a good and diverse repertoire .
you never repeat the repertoire .
how come ?
i think it &apos;s partly because we have nine discs and we can play more than 120 songs and everyone likes different songs , so it &apos;s difficult to choose which songs to play every night .
when we have two or three songs in the repertoire that we have not been playing for a while , this keeps us focused and keeps us surprised because it reminds us the reasons why we liked those songs and that we might have forgotten .
that makes the show more interesting for us and therefore i think it also makes it more interesting for the people .
with this tour , you are celebrating 20 years of experience .
looking back , is it hard to believe all you have made ?
yes , absolutely .
first , i think none of us could ever imagine we &apos;d be in a rock band and doing this for over 20 years makes it seem like a dream .
we count our blessings and we are very excited that we can continue making music together .
we all love each other and love making music .
we are fortunate to go to places in the world where we always wanted to go .
things could not be better for us .
what does it mean for you having been a fundamental part of the rise of grunge ?
it has always been an honor to be a part of that group of great bands .
we are good friends of the people of soundgarden , mudhoney and alice in chains .
it &apos;s amazing when a movement arises from a group of friends and it is unusual .
from time to time , arises a band of a city , but it is much more strange when five or ten bands come out at the same time from the same city .
we are proud and honored to be part of the seattle group .
i still play with some of them from time to time .
last year , we were at a festival with alice in chains and we were in canada with mudhoney , we saw soundgarden in its tour , so we are fortunate to be friends with all of them and we are honored to be part of the seattle sound that aroused .
it is also very strange that a band like yours remains united with the same members for so long .
yes , four of us were together for 21 years and matt ( cameron ) joined us 13 years ago , which , by itself , is much longer than many bands lasted .
first , i think we are all lucky to be still alive and , secondly , we all care about the others .
we are all very close friends and , thanks to this , there have also been opened musical avenues that give each the freedom to experiment .
we trust each other with the music of each and this could not be better .
your relationship to the word fame has not been easy ; but thanks to your success , you have been able to do whatever you wanted .
how do you find a balance ?
as we have grown , it has been easier to find a balance .
we take care of not being too much on tour because it is easy to fall into this game of big crowds and people who love your music .
while one remembers that people are there for the music , that reminds you that you must respect the music and what brought it , without setting your mind on being famous and being a rock star , something that none of us really cares about .
how do you remember your other project manother love bone ?
i think we write very good songs and at the beginning was a great thing .
we were a band for almost three years and never released an album until after the death of andy ( andrew woods ) .
there were many frustrations because lasted so long and the most important thing is that we are still close friends of bruce ( fair-weather ) and greg ( gilmore ) , who started in the band with us and when i hear a song or see a picture i think of the incredible person that andy was and how he made ​ ​ me laugh , it was always a pleasure to go to work , laugh , talk about music and football and much more .
it was a remarkable man and we miss him .
the national band las robertas will be responsible for opening the show in costa rica .
is it true that you know its work , especially eddie vedder , and that &apos;s why you chose it for the opening ?
yes , the production sent us several videos proposals and that was the band that we liked most , so we &apos;re anxious to see what las robertas can offer live and should be very entertaining .
why do you always change the lyrics of yellow ledbetter live ?
that is a question for ed ( eddie vedder ) , so i do not know .
he sings it and i think he does this with the first thing that comes to his mind .
as a bassist , what are your influences ?
there are so many .
within the first that come to my mind are geezer butler , john entwistle , c.j. ramone , john doe , paul mccartney , chuck dukowski ...
there are so many i could talk all afternoon about the bassists that i love .
how did pearl jam succeeded to maintain grunge relevant despite of not being any longer a fad ?
i think all of us feel a bit disconnected from the word grunge .
when i think of it , it reminds me of the bands i mentioned before , like mudhoney , soundgarden , nirvana and all that came at the same time , and if it is important now , i think it &apos;s wonderful because it is music worth listening to and bands as mudhoney are making now music better than ever .
at first , your music had a darker content , and now has become more positive .
how do you explain this change ?
it &apos;s interesting because i think there are a couple of songs on the album that may appear lighter , but there are songs like the end or just breathe that are qualified as very dark although they can sound a little positive .
with both , when ed played them , i cried when i heard them , and these songs are profoundly dark .
i think that when you grow up and there was some trauma in your life and you lost a family member or friend , these things start to influence your art and your music and these two songs certainly represent that for me .
also , i think you can be a happy person and still be able to make music that is dark .
peru :
fujimori was hospitalized again for medical tests
the ex president alberto fujimori was hospitalized tuesday in a public hospital in order to be evaluated for the loss of muscle strength that occurs in the legs , informed his family doctor .
fujimori , 72 years old , who is sentenced at 25 years in prison for human rights violations committed during his government ( 1990-2000 ) , suffers from several ailments , including cancer of the tongue for which he has been operated four times and it is kept under control .
the congressman alejandro aguinaga , who is his personal physician , told to canal n of television that fujimori will be evaluated for three days at the national institute of neoplastic diseases in order to determine the reason for the pain and the loss of strength in his lower limbs .
aguinaga said that in his opinion fujimori would be a candidate for getting the benefit of pardon on humanitarian grounds ; however , he said he did not want this because he knows he is innocent .
he had surgery four times for cancer of the tongue , has a weight loss of 18 kilos to which other diseases were added such as severe erosive gastritis , pancreatic cysts , kidney stones , high blood pressure and circulation problems in the legs , listed the doctor .
fujimori is in prison since september 2007 in the police national department of special operations .
in april 2009 he was sentenced to 25 years of prison for killing 25 people at the hands of a squad of annihilation of the army that operated clandestinely in the early years of his government .
mujica travels to mexico to strengthen political ties
an official delegation headed by the uruguayan president josé mujica , and composed of several ministers and businessmen , will begin this tuesday a visit to mexico in order to expand trade between the two countries and to approach political issues in the region .
mujica will meet next wednesday his mexican equal , felipe calderon , the highest point of an extensive agenda of meetings with political , commercial authorities and a meeting with the community of uruguayans living in mexico , according to the schedule released by the uruguayan presidency .
the meeting between both presidents , in the city of guadalajara , will be &quot; favorable for the exchange of information as regards the political issues between the two nations , &quot; as published the presidency of the south american country on its website .
according to the local media , mujica seeks to get calderon &apos;s support for uruguay in the incident with france that arose when the french president nicolas sarkozy , included the south american country on a list of tax havens at the g20 meeting in the french city of cannes .
in his speech , sarkozy threatened to exclude from the international community those countries that remain tax havens , a statement that caused the refusal of uruguay and the call to consultation of its ambassador in the european country .
mexico presides since november , the g20 , a group composed of the world &apos;s most powerful developed and emerging countries , and has in effect with the south american country since january this year , an agreement to exchange tax information in order to avoid double taxation .
the uruguayan government has attempted in recent years to speed up the conclusion of tax exchanging arrangements in order to leave the &quot; gray list &quot; of the organization for economic cooperation and development ( oecd ) , composed of countries that did not implement all international standards of tax cooperation .
on the trade plan , mexico and uruguay have in force since 2004 a free trade agreement ( fta ) that has increased the exchange of goods between both countries .
the mustachioed plumber comes to be three-dimensional with &quot; super mario 3d land &quot;
super mario has fought tirelessly for over 25 years to save princess peach from the evil clutches of bowser , but never before he had done this in three dimensions : in &quot; super mario 3d land &quot; he will fight for the love of the girl in stereoscopic technology .
the title , which arrives in the stores around the world this month , has been designed to exploit the features of the potable console nintendo 3ds , which allows playing in three dimensions without the need of using glasses .
&quot; mario is the character who has to say how it should work the stereoscopy without glasses , &quot; said the press head of nintendo in spain , omar alvarez , during the presentation of the game in madrid .
alvarez said that &quot; super mario 3d land &quot; is &quot; the first video game of nintendo originally designed for this support , &quot; because until now successes like &quot; star fox 64 3d &quot; or &quot; zelda : ocarina of time 3d &quot; were adaptations of existing titles .
nintendo spokesman has claimed that , despite being in 3d , &quot; super mario 3d land &quot; is an &quot; accessible &quot; video game which allows enjoying a quick and fluid game .
alvarez said that &quot; super mario 3d land &quot; contains two games in one : the first part is &quot; simple &quot; to engage less skilled users .
once pasted , most experts will give a &quot; second round &quot; to the levels of the play , which this time , are more difficult .
in addition , the users can choose in real-time between &quot; d aggressive &quot; or one that only affects the depth of the action , but will need to be played in three dimensions in order to overcome the various challenges and &quot; not to succumb optical illusions . &quot;
this incursion of super mario in three dimensions represents also the return of the character to a portable console , fact that has not occurred since 2005 .
in this game nintendo winks to the fans of the series and repeats the successful formula of the previous games , the plumber with mustache will have to go through dangerous mined platforms in order to free princess peach .
although the player will find new movements , the surroundings , costumes and enemies and also a &quot; playable &quot; luigi .
colom guarantees portillo &apos;s extradition to the united states
president alvaro colom said on tuesday that the extradition process of the ex leader alfonso portillo has begun in order to respond in the united states of laundering $ 70 million .
thus ends the process for guatemala to respond to the request of north country that claimed for portillo to judge him there .
at a press conference , colom said that his decision is according to the independence of judiciary and executive powers , taking into account that a trial court had already ordered the extradition .
he stated that during his mandate he did not &quot; put his hands &quot; in judicial decisions and accepted all extradition proceedings he has ever known .
in addition to portillo , sergio ruano marroquin will be extradited for murder and serious injury , and edgar estrada morales and victor estrada paredes , both for drug traffic .
what &apos;s done by colom represents an executive process after getting exhausted all legal and constitutional courts to prosecute the ex head of state between 2000 and 2004 .
in accordance with the resolutions of the fifth criminal court and the constitutional court ( cc ) , portillo will be extradited once resolved his legal situation in guatemala and guaranteed his human rights .
portillo was acquitted of embezzlement of q120 million in the defense ministry when he was a president , which was the process that preceded the extradition , but the public ministry appealed and reopened the case .
trinijove has helped 6,000 young people at risk
the entity was created to prevent the fall on the margins of the society of untrained young men
the balance of the first 25 years of life of the social support entity trinijove is important : 6,000 young people at risk of exclusion have been helped to overcome a difficult situation during this century quarter .
to this there are added over a hundred jobs currently created ​ ​ for this social group .
the anniversary served to make a balance at a ceremony held in the old factory complex fabra i coats where attended over 300 people .
trinijove was born in the neighborhood of trinitat vella in 1986 with the aim of helping young people with little education , no job , and drug problems or at risk of falling into marginality .
the yesterday celebration at sant andreu gathered a large number of responsible entities and institutions that in these 25 years have collaborated with the association .
the diverse political representation , in the election time , showed the unitary character of the work done by trinijove .
next to the president of the generalitat , artur mas , and his predecessor jordi pujol , attended the ceremony the ex counselor of socialist education , ernest maragall , and the ex lieutenant of the mayor and current eco socialist councilman ricard goma .
also attended at the fabra i coats the actual counselor for social welfare and family , josep lluís cleries and ceo of the social work of la caixa , jaume lanaspa .
he said trinijove was born in a very difficult time and that the current period is also difficult , but added that the work done so far &quot; is a good base . &quot;
the president gave trinijove as an example for fighting against the bad circumstances and giving hope to people with difficulties .
&quot; the crisis is not new to the entity and the work done by it , &quot; he said .
an occupied farm where macro parties were given was evacuated
the invaders had seized 11 of the 13 floors of the building , balmes , 51
the 12 occupants left the farm at noon yesterday without a fight
it seems that the nightmare lived by the neighbors residing in 51 balmes street has come to an end .
twelve people left voluntarily yesterday at noon the property they were illegally occupying , and where they organized macro parties that exasperated the neighborhood , by court order without police intervention .
when the operation was finished the lock on the door was changed in order to prevent a repeat of the situation .
&quot; from now on there will be an access control , &quot; said the manager .
the squatters , who had invaded 11 of the 13 floors of the building , the rest are inhabited- took all the wiring and part of the water , painted the walls and left residues of all kinds , especially alcoholic beverage cans .
the first three floors were the scene of mass parties , which lasted up to two days and exasperated the tenants .
next to the building there is a nightclub , balmes 51 , which has also been damaged .
the owner , maria pantinat told to europa press that since the building was occupied her business went down 80 % .
the owner of the club says that the invaders of the farm made ​ ​ her an unfair competition , since they were selling drinks for three euros , while in the club worth 10 .
in addition , the owner of the disco had to respond to neighborhood complaints of noise , while , as she noted , the noise was not caused by customers of the club , but by the inhabitants of the squat and , above all , those attending the parties that were organized there , which had increased in frequency and intensity in recent weeks , as the angry neighbors said .
the head of the club said that the discomfort was so great that even reached an agreement with the owner of the property and there are now nine months since she &quot; forgives &quot; him for paying the rent .
the city police also confirmed that in recent weeks has received more complaints from neighbors about the situation .
the chairman of the pp municipal group , of the council alberto fernández díaz , had claimed last week &quot; to immediately evacuate the building in order to solve the problems of coexistence and community spirit caused to neighbors , and the degradation of the area . &quot;
the popular leader explained that before the summer there was only one floor of the building occupied , but over the last few months the squatters had entered into all floors and in almost every floor and that in some of them occurred burglaries .
in this sense , he added that &quot; it is necessary to put an end to impunity and to be strongly against the incivility that has been generated on the farm . &quot;
also yesterday , the members of the police evacuated a building in nou barris .
at 15 : 30 the police went to 35 montral street after receiving a call from a neighbor who had noticed that four people had entered the building .
the four were arrested at the time .
park or mountain ?
the architects agree on the opportunity of the call beyond controversies over fees
the municipal contest on the 16 doors reopened the debate on the role of collserola in barcelona
in mid 80 &apos;s at the height of the now extinct metropolitan corporation of barcelona ( mcb ) , this administration printed promotional leaflets of collserola .
the booklet defined the mountain as the great park of the metropolitan barcelona .
moreover , it was accompanied by a comparison , in figures , with the new york central park .
on the death of the mcb , in 1987 , the park was placed again in the minds of many , as the upper limit of barcelona , ​ ​ being the catalan capital one of the few that is not oriented towards the north-south but up ( mountain ) -down ( sea ) .
the classification of collserola as a natural park redounds in this idea .
the reference was not central park , but yellowstone , with the wild boar on the role of yogi bear .
this was all about until , in september , the council called for a mega competition composed of 16 contests for as many other doors to collserola .
a door refers to the idea of the park , no doubt .
either that or someone wants to put gates to the field .
the question comes alone : collserola ? park or mountain ?
the competition , both as for its merely organizational side as for its reflection on the city is a topic of conversation among all architects of barcelona .
it &apos;s almost a recurrent theme to make use of when two members of this ancient lineage of elected persons recognize themselves in an elevator .
and this fact gives rise precisely to one of the few similarities between what three architects of barcelona are saying and the academics , which have been presented .
miguel roldan , daniel modolo and mara bayona : the competition is appropriate
for roland , after approaching the coastline becomes &quot; necessary &quot; to discuss about &quot; the mountain front , &quot; whenever ildefons cerda &apos;s speech , that of green apples has not been carried out .
&quot; it should be assumed that the largest park in barcelona is the beach .
among other things , for its great accessibility .
collserola is more complex , &quot; says the architect to whom the title of &quot; gates of collserola &quot; contains a &quot; lexical trap &quot; : we should not think about them &quot; as access to a park , but as the delimitation of some areas where we must act . &quot;
modolo , as roland and bayona with experience in the urban world , called the proposal &quot; intellectual challenge &quot; with &quot; some dangers . &quot;
hazards arising from the &quot; uncertainty of projecting the public space &quot; after the experience of the 80 &quot; s which had in the forum area &quot; his swan song . &quot;
the first fear is the own delimitation of the borders where to build .
&quot; limiting something is setting up the next step , &quot; meaning , overcoming .
&quot; we must think of new urban planning tools , because the current &#91; in reference to the general metropolitan plan ( gmp ) &#93; can lead to a real disaster . &quot;
tighter to the question , modolo believes that simplifying the collserola valley side &quot; can be understood as a park , barcelona , ​ ​ not &quot; by a purely topographical issue .
modolo remembers that there is already a work done by the board of collserola that &quot; should not fall on deaf ears , &quot; although he is grateful for the opportunity that the city hall offers to his profession to intervene in this project &quot; from the very beginning . &quot;
and further , understands that the proximity of the mountain with the city is the pass that allows architects to enter the debate , but &quot; he doubts &quot; about whether this technical profile is the one that should lead multidisciplinary teams ( &quot; a success , &quot; he points ) that have had to create : &quot; the architects should be only a tool . &quot;
bayona suggests that the answer to the question that gives the title of this piece is complex , because the contest rules lack a global view of collserola : &quot; 16 cross contests have been called -he says-on sea- mountain sense , but there is no longitudinal reading , to see and understand the area as a whole . &quot;
this leads , at least in this case , to have chosen to participate in the 16 contests .
otherwise , a project for one of the gates can crash into the program and definition with the project of the architect of the next gate .
in your opinion , the council should ensure that the band immediately above the ronda de dalt should provide in its entirety , an area of equipment to conduct a smooth transition between the city and the green .
casino forgives jonas larrazabal and this one will be free
after 72 days of arrangements , the legal representative of the red casino forgave the brother of the mayor of monterrey of the process against him for alleged extortion
after spending 72 days in jail , manuel jonas larrazabal will be free after the legal representative of the red casino granted him forgiveness before the second criminal court district , which follows a process of blackmail against the brother of the mayor of monterrey .
after the bombing of casino royale , red casino owner , sergio gil garcia , made ​ ​ public a series of photographs and videos where allegedly manuel jonas required him to pay an economic fee so that the city hall of monterrey allows the clandestine operation of the bet house .
after the public condemnation , the state general attorney opened a criminal case against the mayor &apos;s brother and on september 2nd , he was arrested and imprisoned for 30 days .
after four hours before the agent of the public ministry for heritage crimes , he was transferred to the temporary jail , located in the old neighborhood of the state capital .
in this place he remained for 49 days following the pronunciation of a second restriction order after the prosecutor dismissed the crimes of bribery and organized crime .
on october 19th he was transferred to cadereyta allegedly for blackmailing with a half million of pesos the owners of red casino , but he stayed there only a few hours in the medium-security prison because there were death threats against him .
the authorities allowed him to continue the trial in the municipal cells boarding san nicolas of garza .
on october 25th he an arrest order was issued by the clerk of second criminal district court , jorge yanez , who said that after nearly two months of inquiries there was enough evidence to establish the guilt of jonas , such as the collection of 1.5 million pesos from the representatives of the bookmaker in exchange for allowing the operation of it .
on monday , the legal representative of red casino , victor aldo garcia gomez , appeared before the judge josé luis pecina to seek pardon for the regional mayor &apos;s brother , so that in the coming hours he might regain his freedom .
during the legal diligence , the public prosecutor attached to the court , ramiro arias , questioned garcia gomez whether he had repaired the damage and which of the partners of the betting house granted pardon , although the lawyer tried to reserve the name .
based on the record 197 / 2011 legal pardon is granted to jonas larrazabal and thereafter there may not be made ​ ​ any claim about the process that was intended against him ; also no damage repair or punishment will be required .
after the hearing of the legal representative of the bookmarkers , at almost 15 : 50 it was ordered the immediate release of larrazabal breton .
the clerk of the court , jorge yanez , went to the jail of the municipality of san nicolas of garza to notify jonah that he has been legally pardoned and his record will be filed .
also he will notify him about the immediate release order issued by the judge .
the secretary dionisio perez jacome gives details of the crash where the interior minister , francisco blake , and seven others died .
the ministry of communications and transportation ( mct ) reported that the results obtained on the accident in which the interior secretary francisco blake mora , and seven others died , indicate that the helicopter hit directly the ground in complete structural integrity , without the pilot attempting a forced landing .
during a press conference , dionisio perez jacome , minister of communications and transport , said that before the aircraft took off , the pilot found that weather conditions were suitable for the flight .
&quot; the elements that seem to indicate that the unit had several contacts with the ground , the blades came into contact with trees at 25 meters where the unit lost the fuselage . &quot;
he also reported that the unit was designed for 19 people , so it fulfilled the necessary requirements to transport people .
he also said that the investigations made ​ ​ in the area of impact do not report the appearance of pieces on the ground .
&quot; in a research it is reported that there are no parts or components of the ship in another place , the impact is presented in a structural way .
&quot; the design of the helicopter conceived for 19 passengers , fulfilled the appropriate requirements for transporting passengers .
the land has a slope of seven degrees to 30 degrees .
for now , the secretary said it is a priority to have the results as soon as possible ; however , the investigation may take several months or even one year .
meanwhile , gilberto lopez meyer , general director of airports and auxiliary services , said that at the time of the impact , the presidential helicopter was operating in cruising speed and that this happened in a soft ascending land .
&quot; this information reinforces the hypothesis of a normal cruise operation at the time of the impact , &quot; he said .
at the press conference , the owner of the sct , perez jacome , listed six important elements in the investigation :
visual flight :
according to the aviation regulations the flight was conducted under visual flight rules , this means that the crew must have visibility during the flight and the ground .
weather conditions :
aicm reports were indicating suitable conditions for taking off as the aircraft moved towards the border area between mexico city and mexico state there were layers of clouds at low altitudes .
selected routes :
it is likely that due to cloud conditions the crew has searched an area of lower elevation and greater visibility into the valley of cuernavaca .
location of the impact .
the coordinates of the impact and the last record of the aircraft radar match , probably before the impact there was no loss of control or change in the flight direction .
dispersion of wreckage on a small area :
the information available so far suggests that the impact occurred in a straight and lateral line .
the dispersion of the wreckage suggests that the helicopter struck the ground in conditions of structural integrity .
there was not detected evidence of fire or explosion :
on the area of the accident there remains undisclosed evidence in the wreckage of the craft , some kind of explosion or fire .
recent research results indicate it may have had multiple contacts with the ground .
during the field work there have been found pieces of the aircraft at an altitude of 9.200 feet above mean sea level , the ground has a slope ranging from seven degrees to 30 degrees .
the pictures show the sequence in which it dismantled along that journey .
the information provides elements that seem to indicate that the helicopter may have had multiple impacts with the ground .
after a thorough research in a wider area than the surrendered off area , near the place the accident took place , there have not been found scattered pieces of the aircraft , which strengthens the assumption that the impact is presented in terms of structural integrity .
mss announces a protocol for finding obesity gene
social security directs a research to find the gene for obesity in children and young people ; it is supported by specialists from the ipn
the mexican social security institute ( mssi ) has announced that conducts a research to discover the gene for obesity in children and young people , called the protocol of &apos; genetics of obesity in childhood and adolescence &apos; , which will provide counting on markers associated with overweight .
in a statement , the head of the medical research unit in biochemistry of specialties hospital , xxi century national medical center , miguel cruz lopez , explained that it was integrated a multidisciplinary team of physicians , nurses , nutritionists and social workers .
the team is supported by specialists and graduate students from the national institute of public health ( niph ) and the centre for research and advanced studies ( cinvestav ) national polytechnic institute ( npi ) .
the research invites the population entitled or not , to participate by going to the participant sport units of the mssi in the valley of mexico , where there will be carried out the tests to children , every saturday from 8 : 00 o &apos;clock .
he stressed that the protocol started in the cuauhtémoc sports unit ( west mexico state ) and since october 8th , the activity takes place in the netzahualcoyotl sport unit ( east state of mexico ) .
once reached the goal of bringing 500 to 600 children , the study will continue in the independence sport unit ( south the mexico city ) and finally in the morelos sports unit ( north the mexico city ) .
he explained that the purpose of this research is to understand the components and the importance of genetics in relation to the development of obesity and identify in children and young mexicans the risk factors for preventing the appearance of chronic degenerative diseases .
on november 14th , there will be celebrated the world diabetes day , and the goal is to collect three thousand children and young people between 6 and 14 years , with the consent and parental supervision for the implementation of specific questionnaires on food .
they will also be asked about physical activity and family hereditary history of disease , in order to avoid risk factors that give rise to diseases such as diabetes or kidney failure .
he explained that on saturday to all participants will be applied anthropometric measurements ( weight , height , and waist circumference ) , blood pressure measurements , and determination of glucose , triglycerides , cholesterol and insulin and genetic ( seeking to identify genes that are associated to childhood obesity ) .
cruz lopez said that this research reflects the concern of health professionals for the alarming weight gain in children .
health surveys made between 1999 and 2006 reported that in only six years there was an increase in the case of the boys , 77 percent were obese , and 47 percent in the case of the girls ; in terms of overweight there was also observed a dramatic rise , &quot; said the specialist of the mssi .
he said the justification for searching the markers is based on that the population of the country differs from other in its genetic history .
he reported that on average , the mexican has a 65 percent of american indian heritage , 30 percent european and five percent african and this condition is reflected in the genes that are associated with diabetes and overweight .
he explained that generally , the genetics of obesity result in the inability to burn off the excess energy that we consume ( calories ) and which is stored as fat .
the researcher explained that the direct benefit for the participants is a comprehensive assessment of the children , which can detect if they have any degree of overweight or obesity .
even , he said , the presence of dark-colored folds ( acanthuses ) on the neck and forearm indicates the likelihood of suffering of metabolic disorders and even prediabetes .
the information is handled with confidentiality , doctors deliver it in writing to the parents , to whom they explain each of the measurements and changes in the lifestyle that have to be undertaken in order to prevent disease .
cruz lopez explained that there are three major components that cause overweight , obesity and other chronic diseases : sedentary lifestyle , which is the lack of daily physical activity , staying most of the day and watching tv and using means of transport instead of walking short distances .
also it is due to the high caloric intake , meaning , and the increased consumption of sugary drinks , carbohydrate ( tamales , bread , pizza , hamburger , etc . ) with high fat and protein and genetics analyzed in this protocol .
unam asphalt would avoid potholes
rafael herrera , a researcher at the faculty of chemistry of unam , develops polymer-modified asphalt to produce a mixture with the best performance , regardless of the environmental conditions and temperature
if the signals sent by the road surface were attended , it would be necessary to repair about 200 thousand potholes every rainy season in the metropolitan area of valley of mexico , said rafael herrera najera , a researcher at the chemistry faculty ( cf ) of the unam , who said that if the process of construction and maintenance of an asphalt pavement is adequate , the potholes could be reduced or even completely eliminated .
in his lecture a technological view of the pothole , issued under the international year of chemistry , announced that the laboratory he is responsible for is developing a polymer modified asphalt to produce a mixture with characteristics similar to the asphalt , but with a better mechanical strength , both at high and low temperatures .
herrera nájera said that this type of modified asphalt could be used in places where the weather is extremely hot , as some cities in the north , to improve its performance and , therefore , the formation of potholes .
he explained that the asphalt , the heavier oil part is a set of hydrocarbon molecules , some of high molecular weight , called asphaltenes , and other of low molecular weight , called maltenes , which together give the road surface its viscoelastic characteristic behavior .
the viscoelastic behavior of the asphalt consists in the fact that at high temperatures near 180 degrees , it behaves like a liquid at 120 ° c , its viscosity is very high and at 50 degrees celsius has a nearly solid state , whereas at very low temperatures the asphalt becomes fragile , he said .
this means that the resistance of the street asphalt is not uniform , but is modified during the day according to the environmental conditions and temperature , said the specialist in chemical engineering .
cf researcher observed that the streets of mexico city are mostly covered by flexible pavement , which is composed of six layers of material , out of which the last three involve the asphalt .
among the most superficial layers is the asphalt , composed of small stones dipped into the asphalt and then compacted .
each of the stones which compose this covering , he said , is dipped with asphalt .
when driving vehicles and generating effort , it allows the forces to spread very well on the pavement .
if it were modified asphalt it would spread even better , said the chemical engineer .
on the asphalt covering , he added , is placed a final layer called rolling covering , which is made ​ ​ of a fine stone material , meaning sand also dipped into the asphalt .
since this is the layer that will be in contact with the wheels of the vehicle , it must have a better mechanical strength than the asphalt covering and provide road friction .
as being the part of the pavement that will receive and diffuse the efforts , the rolling covering also requires proper thickness and the material it is made of must be take into consideration .
the weather , especially humidity and temperature variations are also a very important factor to consider , especially water , he said , because it greatly affects the performance of the asphalt .
when the ground is wet , water diffuses inside the covering and it &apos;s hard to get out , this causing a softening of all layers of the pavement and , therefore , the formation of potholes .
in the formation of a pothole , he said , the first to wear is the rolling covering and only after that is affected the asphalt , but the damage does not happen instantly , it is a process that should be attended at the first signs with appropriate maintenance programs .
also a member of the national system of researchers explained that the vehicle load is another important factor in the formation of potholes and , therefore , the thickness of each layer of the pavement should be always made in relation to the vehicle load and ensure this fulfillment , in order to prevent the frequent formation of potholes .
rafael herrera said that there is still much to investigate and work to do on the asphalt , for example , asphalt emulsions , which in other countries are already on the market and even help repair potholes with easiness and without using high temperatures .
what did the candidate of valley lack to be the new miss colombia ?
analysis of the factors that affected serna melina ramirez for not getting the crown of miss colombia .
the valley gets its title number 14 of princess .
once again cauca valley remains with the desire of the crown of miss colombia .
this time melina ramirez serna had to be content with being on the winning podium , wearing the silver crown and the band that accredited her as the new princess of colombia .
with the result obtained last night in cartagena , where miss atlantic won the crown and scepter , the department counts with 14 princess titles and melina joins the legion of women of valley of cauca who have been close to the crown but were proclaimed princesses , among them miriam ospina benoit ( 1947 ) , clara borrero dominguez ( 1949 ) , patricia bellini ayala ( 1979 ) , lorena álvarez ( 1981 ) , rose mary alzate ( 1983 ) , olga maria arenas ( 1987 ) , leila blanque ( 1988 ) , monica evers ( 1989 ) , maria consuela pinedo ( 1990 ) , diana isabel romero ( 1993 ) , giselle aljure garcés ( 2000 ) , catalina giraldo ( 2007 ) , stephanie garcés aljure ( 2008 ) .
now the big question many are asking is :
what was missing ? because the result is the defeat of a big favorite who in each performance showed that she had everything to be the new miss colombia , not in vain she was elected queen of the police and best jolie face of vogue , titles that were obtained by queens as taliana vargas or natalia navarro , who took the crown of miss colombia .
the first key factor in the decision of the jury to designate her as first princess is that she did not convince with her answer to the question &quot; &apos; what is the book that has marked you and why ? asked ​ ​ by martin murillo gomez from the literary cart let &apos;s read .
to the questioner she answered
&quot; i read a lot , i believe a lot in literature , i think it is a form of culturalization , and i definitely think that the book that marked my childhood is &quot; the little prince &apos; is a pretty deep book .
today i read &quot; crime and punishment &apos; it is a book of universal literature that we all should read ; and now i &apos;m reading the book by irene nemirovski , a russian , a beautiful book called &quot; the heat of blood . &apos; 
a response that the jury did not like due to the term &quot; culturalization &apos; and second of all for not specifically explaining how each of the cited books have marked her .
but after the ceremony melina said she was calm and happy with the result &quot; the universe is wise it happens what it has to happen . &quot;
and for you all , please read a little bit , &apos; the little prince &apos; it is a great book &quot;
among the launched hypotheses it is said that valley got burned by favoritism .
a reporter from bogota suggested that for being the preferred , the acclaimed , and the candidate who received all preliminary awards ( oster food challenge , the public vote for the best traditional costume , and mother queen ) , &quot; that aroused the jealousy of the other candidates , stressed the queen and therefore she did not shine on stage .
and that was noted in her first appearance in swimsuit on the beach of hilton and during her two shows at the evening coronation .
although in both she looked confident , it was noted that she lacked the strength and energy that magdalena and atlántico representatives did show .
ariel osorio , a journalist of the program &quot; like home &apos; , of the rcn channel said that the fact that melina was designated as princess &quot; means that the candidate who more awards wins during the competition is not the queen . &quot;
in addition , valley lately avoided talking to the press , and that was wrong .
another hypothesis is that valley failed to convince the jury about her interest in social work , which is ultimately the essence of the national beauty contest .
this is why , two days before the election the international jury lucy doughty said they were seeking a woman committed to the social needs of her country .
&quot; beauty is not enough for a miss colombia , we must look beyond the physical appearance and focus on social awareness , before entering the contest they must be already involved in projects , &quot; she said .
there is also a speculation that valley sinned for her defects on the posterior and the fibrosis that could be seen on her abdomen , but it is contradictory because the jury specifically chose her as the candidate &apos; natural beauty &apos; with the healthier body , good nutrition and responsible physical work .
the coach of the queens jorge hernán orozco recognizes that melina did not have the best body , that there were better , &quot; but the problem of fibrosis on the abdomen , which for me was not very noticeable , made her lose points the last day . &quot;
meanwhile , the journalist guido hoyos , of cromos magazine considers that the error of the valley of cauca were the surgical interventions she suffered .
&quot; the surgeries are fine , but valley did not know how to do them .
her body was never her strong advantage and here is where she was punished .
for this award , which for the first time is given by the national beauty contest , after the swimsuit parade a cruel prophecy was fulfilled last night , it was said that this was the flicker that raymundo granted to melina for not giving her the pleasure of taking the crown .
reality or not , the fact is that melina today begins a year of reign , not as sovereign , but as a princess , a position that gives her the opportunity to represent colombia in one of the international competitions designated by the national competition itself .
however , she will go down in history as one of the queens that despite her overwhelming passage through cartagena , found difficulties in getting the crown .
such was the work of the person who identified the body of alfonso cano
a cali lophoscopist entered into history as the man who confirmed the death of &quot; alfonso cano .
the work of these officials is a key work .
on november 4th the lophoscopist of cali cti passed into history as the man who confirmed the identity of the farc top leader , &quot; alfonso cano , through the comparison of his fingerprints .
of the seven lophoscopists working in the branch of cti , this week it was the turn of &quot; availability &apos; for eleazar gonzalez , a man of puerto tejada , who had spent 21 years working in the area of judicial investigation .
at the beginning of his career , gonzalez worked in municipalities of chocó , where he often had to go for more than five days in the jungle to reach the place where there were the bodies that should be identified .
in 2000 he moved to the capital of the valley and , after making the corresponding courses , he specialized in lophoscopy , which is the study of skin friction , meaning the palms of the hands and feet .
the week of eliazar &apos;s operation against alias alfonso cano he was warned to take clothes only for three days .
something big was coming .
on friday night he went from cauca with a helicopter , to palmira .
he knew he had to identify two corpses and one was suspected to be of the man who led the world &apos;s oldest guerrilla , so they asked him to take the ten print card of guillermo león sáenz ( his real name ) .
however , when he arrived with the research team to the site where the body was , he did not recognize him by his physical appearance ; it was very different from that seen in the media .
he was without beard , dressed as a farmer of the area , without glasses and much thinner .
but the prints do not lie .
accompanied by a galtonian magnifying glass , ink , a paddle and a flashlight , eliazar compared the fingerprints of the corpse with those of the card .
his eye did not fail him : it was &quot; alfonso cano &apos; .
that same night , the man from puerto tejada was asked to confirm the defense minister , juan carlos pinzón , that it was the top leader of the farc .
in search of the fingerprint
for a fingerprint specialist from sijin of cali the recognition made ​ ​ by the president juan manuel santos to eleazar gonzalez in the press conference for the operation against &quot; cano &apos; , is very significant .
many people do not know our work .
the fingerprinting science is an exact science , without error , which can be key solution in solving crimes .
apart from the identification of bodies , the fingerprinting specialists support research for crimes like theft and murder and confirm the identity of those captured .
when captured , many criminals have fake cards or do not have papers .
we will take their fingerprint and seek them in the database .
the researcher said that , in a case of theft , he had to remove a piece of the wall of a house because in that place the thief had supported his hand on to take a safe full of jewels and money .
&quot; the walls are difficult because they are not suitable surfaces to get a print , but in this case we could get the print of the whole hand and identify the offender , who had participated in several robberies &quot; he said .
the prints can also rule out or confirm suspects in murder cases .
they have recently found a dead man , with liquor bottles around him .
through the investigation it was determined that a relative could be suspected of the crime and , indeed , a print on the bottle matched .
although this does not guarantee that it was the murderer , it places him it in the murder scene .
a fingerprint expert of cti explained that in objects &quot; footprints are drawn with chemical or physical reagents . &quot;
when they appear there is used a paddle or tape to lift them .
after that , the prints are sent to asif , which is the criminal database , or at the registry .
&quot; the problem is that there are still many undocumented colombians , &quot; said cti expert .
he clarified that not everything is as shown in csi television program .
just as not everything that glitters is gold , not everything you touch turns into a footprint .
however , if it can be used , the comparison is being made .
the &quot; angry persons &quot; challenge the authorities in new york
hundreds of protesters were crowding round in front of zuccotti square to camp .
a part of the protesters listened to the eviction order and moved to a nearby park .
the members of the movement occupy wall street challenged on tuesday the authorities of new york when trying to enter again , under the protection of a court order , in the manhattan square where they were evacuated at dawn when trying to occupy another park of the big apple .
hundreds of protesters crowded round the zuccotti square , where they wanted to get in thanks to a court order that allows &quot; the angry persons &quot; to camp on the site , while another part of the movement responded to the eviction by occupying a park north the city where there have been made further arrests .
&quot; our idea is that if the court does not allow us to return to camp in the square , we will camp somewhere else and continue the legal battle to return to zuccotti , and through peaceful sit-ins and demonstrations , &quot; said one of the spokesmen of the movement &quot; occupy wall street , &quot; mark bray .
bray explained that the response of the &quot; angry persons &quot; to the evacuation of the camp issued personally by the mayor of new york , michael bloomberg , came to court , where judge lucy billings issued an order prohibiting the forced evacuation of the place and allowing the demonstrators to remain camped .
in addition , the &quot; angry persons &quot; proceeded to the occupation of a new park located at the confluence of the downtown canal street and sixth avenue , near the entrance to the holland tunnel , which connects new york and new jersey , owned by the parish of trinity church .
at least for one hour they were able to occupy the place , but then the police came and proceeded to arrest some of the protesters , although bray could not confirm the precise number , while telling efe that he saw several journalists who were also handcuffed .
the organization ensures that there are several hundred people camped at that point , where a delegation of religious leaders has already gone to show their support to the members of the movement trying to mediate with the police .
meanwhile , zuccotti square , which is a privately owned site , remains closed waiting for a court hearing scheduled for this tuesday in which to examine the legality of the evacuation of this morning .
some of the protesters moved there were carrying and distributing at that time copies of that court order and even they gave these copies to officers guarding the place , which led to &quot; some small confrontations , &quot; said bray , who claimed that some officers beaten the demonstrators .
the court order prohibits the authorities to evacuate the members of occupy wall street and enforce &quot; laws that were issued after the beginning of the occupation or to prohibit demonstrators regain access to the park with shops and other property used before . &quot;
mayor bloomberg told reporters that , because of that court order , the city had suspended the reopening of the public space and protesters were informed , however , that local laws do not allow them to re-install with camping shops and sleeping bags .
the councilman personally defended the evacuation of the zuccotti square carried out at dawn , an operation in which about 200 arrests were made and this was decided so because protesters were &quot; violating the law . &quot;
bloomberg said he gave the order to evacuate the square because it was becoming &quot; a place where people did not come to protest , but to break the law and , in some cases , to do harm to others &quot; as &quot; some businesses had received threats &apos; and neighbors feared &quot; for the quality of life . &quot;
&quot; the evacuation of this morning was disgusting and shows that deep inside bloomberg is more interested in preserving the financial interests of american workers , &quot; added the spokesman of the movement , who accused the mayor of &quot; disrespect for the freedom of expression . &quot;
the responsible of &quot; occupy wall street &quot; also indicated that they intend to organize &quot; great deeds &quot; for thursday in collaboration with community organizations and unions , in order to commemorate the last two months of protests , which began on september 17th .
pamela anderson will be virgin mary in a special christmas tv show
along with michael buble and other prominent canadians , she will appear on the television program &quot; it &apos;s a russell peters christmas &quot; on december 1st
the canadian pamela anderson has been the assistant of tim allen in &quot; home improvement &quot; lifeguard in &quot; baywatch &quot; bunny in &quot; playboy , &quot; the wife of rock musician tommy lee and now , the actress and model is the virgin mary in a special christmas show at the canadian television .
the private television channel ctv announced today that anderson , along with the &quot; crooner &quot; ( ballad singer ) michael buble and other prominent canadians , will appear on the television program &quot; it &apos;s a russell peters christmas &quot; on december 1st , interpreting a very different mary .
ctv presented today images of the television show in which anderson , also known by the wide distribution over the internet of a pornographic home video where she appears together with her ​ ​ husband , the drummer of &quot; mötley crüe , &quot; tommy lee , appears dressed as the virgin mary holding in a crib a doll depicting jesus .
in the scene , peters , a well known canadian comedian of indian origin who recently appeared as a presenter on the tour of &quot; my violent torpedo of truth &quot; by charlie sheen appears as joseph .
in addition to anderson and peters , the ctv christmas special show features the canadian singer buble , who at the end of march married in buenos aires the argentinean model luisana lopilato , and he is not a stranger as regards the controversy .
recently , buble called &quot; bitch &quot; the american kim kardashian during one of his concerts in new york .
japan reborn after the earthquake
gdp grows by 1.5 % due to domestic consumption and puts an end to the downward spiral that began in march
since last march , the japanese economy was paralyzed , still recovering from the devastating earthquake , resulting in a nuclear crisis , the worst catastrophe suffered by the nippon country since the second world war .
the first estimates of tokyo government regarding the material losses amounted to $ 300,000 million , a blow that , despite the difficult global context , seems to have dimmed .
after three consecutive quarters of declines , the gross domestic product data between july and september helped to turn the page , definitely : gdp increased by 1.5 % compared to the previous quarter and by 6 % in annualized rate .
the one recorded in the second quarter , for the japanese the fiscal year begins in march 2012 - represents also the fastest rhythm of growth from january to march 2010 .
the recovery can be explained in part by the recovery in the purchase of machinery to restore areas devastated by the earthquake and the following tsunami .
in fact , companies increased their investment by 1.1 % versus 0.9 % decline in capital expenditures which was observed from january to march , the first decline after six months of uninterrupted increases .
however , the true revulsion of the japanese economy is not based exclusively on the keynesian impulse that invites taking advantage on the crisis to strengthen-or rebuild-infrastructure , using of gaps to grow from scratch .
japan has awakened , especially thanks to the evolution of the household consumption , which now represents 60 % of the japanese gdp .
this variable climbed 1 % , driven by the increase of expenditure for cars , travels and leisure activities .
the stigma of the yen
tokyo has entrusted to the internal market , when the yen-the nippon currency has become one of the &quot; refuge values &quot; chosen by investors who wanted to get rid of the debt crisis in the euro area and the negative forecasts of the u.s. , a privilege that weighs like a stone in the accounts of export companies .
with a stronger currency , the products are more expensive abroad , a serious slap for a country whose economic line is determined by the health of large technological groups .
toyota or sony , for example , blamed the yen for their weak results between july and september .
as markets continue their siege of the peripheral countries of the eu , the government of yoshihiko noda does not lower the guard .
&quot; we must be vigilant to the risks that remain , such as the deterioration of some foreign economies , the impact of floods in thailand and the rapid appreciation of the yen , &quot; said yesterday the secretary of state for economic policy , motohisa furukawa .
and indeed , the perspectives are not encouraging .
the organization for cooperation and economic development ( oecd ) said that most member countries showed in september clear signs of economic slowdown .
the indicator that anticipates the turning points in the global economy showed that the major powers are slowing .
since it fell four tenths to 100.4 points , compared to 100.8 in august .
the euro zone even fell below the average , which is at the level of 100 , since it rushed eight tenths up to 99.13 points .
athens feeds back the doubts
papademos said that adjustments will be approved , but conservatives will not sign any written commitment
with peripheral risk subsidies launched and uncertainty reinstated in the parks , greece is still entangled in the maze that leads to the exit of the great european debt crisis .
the feeling that the &quot; consent &quot; of the new transitional government of hellene comes imposed more by the demands of brussels than by a genuine conviction of political forces began to be confirmed by facts .
while the new prime minister , lukas papademos warned yesterday that there is no alternative to structural reforms and that the period of one hundred days agreed in his appointment may be underestimated for applying them , the leader of the conservative new democracy party , antonis samaras , ensured that he will not support new austerity measures in any case and reiterated his demand for new elections scheduled on february 19th .
&quot; the main task of this government is implementing the decisions of the summit of october 26th , &quot; papademos said yesterday when opening a parliamentary debate that it will culminate tomorrow with a vote of confidence to the new executive .
a package of 24 programs to boost employment , reform of the disciplinary code of civil servants and new measures against tax evasion will be the first initiatives .
however , the message of samaras does not clear the doubts about his position : &quot; we are committed to helping the transitional government , but we are not committed to anything . &quot;
the conservative leader was one step further in his pulse to the eu and the imf , the entities that must unfreeze the 8,000 million that athens urgently needed , and made ​ ​ clear he will not give his approval to any letter of commitment to comply with the adjustments .
but the european commission , still having a nappy rash by the impact caused by the all or nothing statement of the papandreou referendum , reiterated yesterday that its demand is clear : it will not unlock the help if the new government and the leaders of hellene major parties do not sign &quot; a written commitment without ambiguity and this as soon as possible . &quot;
the economic affairs spokesman , amadeu altafaj , said the troika inspectors would return &quot; very soon &quot; to athens to discuss with the new government &quot; what has to be done to pay the sixth tranche &quot; of 8,000 million , although there is no definite date .
the greek hank still has a thread for the moment .
mrs. sofia : &quot; they are instruments of progress and hope &quot;
the queen highlights the &quot; dominant &quot; place in spain in relation to this type of finance
spain &quot; has achieved a prominent place worldwide in the role of microfinance . &quot;
queen sofia recalled yesterday that the country has become over the last two decades the second donor in relation to the instruments of cooperation ; whose &quot; essence &quot; she said lies in being an &quot; instrument for social progress , justice and hope for a better future for all humanity , based on trust in human beings . &quot;
the queen opened yesterday the fifth global microcredit summit in valladolid with the belief that &quot; there is no doubt &quot; that such operations are &quot; absolutely essential &quot; to achieve the millennium goals set by the united nations for 2015 , and , &quot; especially having as a goal halving the volume of people living with less than a dollar per day , with this fixing the &quot; poverty line . &quot;
spain is &quot; still working &quot; to expand the network of beneficiaries all over the world , and assumes the task with &quot; responsibility &quot; said mrs. sofia , who hoped that the efforts and contributions originated in the summit , which will be held until thursday , will &quot; ensure the creation of new capabilities and better opportunities for the poorest people , and especially for women , &quot; the main beneficiaries of these loans .
there are &quot; many achievements &quot; and &quot; many challenges we are facing . &quot;
the microcredit summit arises not only as a forum for debate , but also as a platform that promotes &quot; two basic goals . &quot;
thus , his majesty explained that she hopes that at the end of 2015 , 175 million poor families will have acceded to these financial services and one hundred million of these households will get out of the poverty in which they are immersed .
the impulse for the creation of micro credits in spain and in the rest of the world &quot; has followed the path started years ago &quot; by muhammad yunus , highlighted mrs. sofia as an &quot; act of justice and recognition . &quot;
and she described the father of this tool as an &quot; admirable idealist of the universal cause of the fight against poverty , &quot; whose work is known for 15 years , when the queen went to bangladesh to find out in the field the policy of loans .
this experience was followed a year later by the first world summit in washington and other meetings such as those held in ivory coast in 1999 , canada 2006 , and &quot; in all i have seen the continued evolution , &quot; said his majesty , whose link with this project made her earn yesterday the title of the &quot; head of the family &quot; in valladolid from the &quot; banker of the poor . &quot;
finally , the queen mrs. sofia concluded by encouraging those present to participate in the debate and find solutions to advance the fight against poverty .
&quot; ethical imperative &quot;
foreign minister , trinidad jiménez , said that solidarity &quot; is an ethical imperative &quot; to every democratic state .
in this regard , she said that it would be a mistake to link cooperation with developing countries in times of economic boom , as it is a &quot; continuing obligation . &quot;
jimenez found that microcredit supposes &quot; a serious and rigorous policy dedicated to eradicating poverty , &quot; and now &quot; more than ever , &quot; the governments of developed countries must work under the criteria of solidarity and not let this fall as victim of adjustments .
for spain , microcredit is &quot; one of the main lines of development cooperation . &quot;
the secretary of state for international cooperation , soraya rodriguez , praised the &quot; success &quot; to give &quot; trust &quot; to people &quot; excluded to whom all doors are closed , &quot; and the mayor of valladolid , francisco javier leon de la riva , welcomed those present to a city that &quot; opens its doors caught by the spirit of solidarity . &quot;
cdu intends to elect the european president by universal suffrage
the first day of the congress of the christian democratic union ( cdu ) on monday 14 november , in leipzig took place without any real problems arising for the chancellor angela merkel , who is also president of the christian democratic party .
the future of europe was not initially planned to be on the programme , but imposed itself in the autumn , in particular to satisfy the militants who will be watching the government &apos;s policy on greece today and perhaps that on italy tomorrow ....
the motion on the preidency of the european commission , tabled by the directorate , was adopted almost unanimously .
out of 1001 delegates , only nine voted against and ten abstained from voting .
the standing ovation lasting several minutes which they , angela merkel and then a few hours later , wolfgang schäuble , the very europhile minister of finance , received at the end of their respective speeches , left no room for doubt .
the main idea of the chancellor and of the motion , is embodied in the slogan &quot; the right response to the crisis is not less europe , but more europe . &quot;
not only because europe means peace , but because &quot; nine million jobs depend directly on the euro . &quot;
for the chancellor , &quot; the time has arrived for a breakthrough in europe . &quot;
this could mean modifications of the treaty of lisbon , making it possible to strengthen the control by the european union of the budgetary policies of the countries of the eurozone , but this could also affect the election of the president of the european commission by universal suffrage &quot; in order to impart a face to europe . &quot;
this is , generally speaking , the case of one of the proposals of the motion adopted by the congress , whose inspiration clearly comes from wolfgang schäuble .
certainly , it is not probable that the twenty-seven will rapidly agree to this solution ; great britain is opposed to it and the heads of cdu think that nicolas sarkozy is also opposed to it .
but the marker is in place .
similarly , the delegates rejected by an overwhelming majority the proposal to weight the vote of each country-member of the directorate of the european central bank according the size of its economy , which would clearly increase the weight of the german economy .
anxious to calm the climate in her party , the chancellor increased the number of her references to konrad adenauer and to helmut kohl , but she did not seek to influence the congress on the back of the &quot; small &quot; european countries , or of countries in difficulty , which are quick to criticise &quot; arrogant &quot; germany .
although the motion on europe devotes a paragraph to the importance of &quot; franco-german friendship , &quot; angela merkel did not mention france .
except when in a hole .
recalling that two centuries ago , leipzig was the scene of a bloody battle .
in fact , it was one of the most humiliating defeats of the napoleonic army .
what is sick leave fraud ?
after allowances , the ump and the government are launching an offensive against sick leave .
on 15 november , nicolas sarkozy will be in bordeaux to visit a family allowances allocation fund and to make a speech on this subject , which has been recurring since 2007 , concerning the fight against social assistance fraud .
and to help this offensive stemming from a desire to make economies in the context of constraints , but which also forms part of the presidential re-election campaign , the majority want to concentrate on sick leave .
first and foremost , with a view to budgetary economies , the government intends to impose on private employees a fourth day of unemployment before the start of unemployment benefit
clearly , without the specific consent of the employer , an employee falling sick will lose four days &apos; pay equal to at least 15 % of his / her monthly income .
a measure , which threatens to arouse anger , but which , according to les echos , would produce a saving of 280 million euros .
and which would be accompanied by another measure with a more symbolic effect , namely , the imposition on public employees of one day &apos;s wait for benefit payment in the case of sick leave ( public employees have not hitherto had to wait for the payment of benefit , as against a three days &apos; wait by private employees ) .
now that these questions are being discussed , the majority are also relaunching the subject of fraud , targeting abuses linked to medical certificates .
&quot; the controls will become more rigid and in addition , if you are caught , you will have to repay any non-legitimate benefit received , &quot; warned xavier bertrand on rtl on sunday 13 november .
as in other cases , the effects of the announcement appear a little disproportionate to the reality of medical certificate-related fraud .
this has actually been monitored constantly since 2002 via political offensives , which have usually borne fruit .
the french are no sicker than people elsewhere in europe .
let us first of all look at the national figures .
according to the caisse nationale d &apos;assurance maladie ( cnam ) , over 237 million euros of daily compensation were paid in 2006 .
according to l &apos;institut de recherche et de documentation en economie de la santé , the daily compensation expenditure in 2008 at 11,3 thousand million euros , was 5 % of total health expenditure .
of this sum , 46 % concerned maternity leave and accidents at work and 54 % sick leave benefit at 6,2 thousand million euros .
and therefore represented 2,5 % of health-related expenditure .
the french spent an average of 14,5 days on sick leave in 2010 , compared with 17.8 days in 2009 , according to a study by alma consulting group .
an average , which conceals certain divergences ; another inquiry published in 2007 by the monster.com career management site , showed that 75 % of the 40 000 french employees questioned said that they had not taken any days of sick leave .
another study , this time concerning sickness insurances , states that in 2010 , 37 % of sick leave lasted less than 8 days , 15 % 15 days to one month , 15 % from one to three months and 11 % lasted longer .
comparing these figures with those of their european neighbours , french employees are no more inclined to take sick leave than those in any other country .
a long study carried out in 2010 by two cnrs researchers showed that between 1994 and 2001 , the global rate of absence from work in france ( for reasons of health or not ) fluctuated between 10 % and 11 % , compared with between 20 % and 28 % in denmark , 15 % in the united kingdom , or between 16 % and 18 % in the netherlands .
sickness certificate-related fraud is very low , compared with &quot; black &quot; labour .
as regards fraud , it is very low .
the strengthening of legislation since 2002 has led to systematic controls of certificates valid for longer than 45 days .
in 2008 , out of 1,5 million controls , the cnam found that 13 % of the 285 000 controls on short-term sickness certificates were &quot; unjustified , &quot; or too long , &quot; equal to 37 050 cases .
in the case of systematically controlled certificates valid for more than 45 days , 11 % cases were found to be &quot; inappropriate or unjustified &quot; out of 1,2 million , equal to 132 000 .
in total therefore , 169 000 cases were &quot; unjustified , &quot; out of several million of employees issued with certificates .
a figure which represents very few cases , compared , for example , with the &quot; black &quot; labour figure .
according to the ump deputy dominique tian , author of a report on the subject in june , this would represent 9 to 15 thousand million euros annual tax shortfall , equal to more than the total cost of daily compensation and therefore infinitely higher than losses due to fraud .
papademos : greece must implement a new adjustment plan
greece needs a new programme of adjustment to rescue its economy .
this was declared on monday 14 november by the prime minister lucas papadémos in parliament , adding that the 100 days granted to his coalition government were not long enough for the accomplishment of this task .
&quot; to pursue the efforts of rescuing the economy , we need the support of our european partners and a new programme of budgetary adjustment &quot; declared the head of government , who made his first public speech opening the debate on the vote of confidence in parliament on wednesday .
the implementation of the decisions taken at the summit of the eurozone on 27 october shall be the &quot; principal task &quot; of the new government , because participation of the country in the eurozone &quot; is at stake , &quot; he added .
consequently , m. papademos forecast that the country &apos;s public deficit would be reduced to &quot; about 9 % &quot; of the pib by the end of the year , after having been 10.6 % in 2010 and 15.7 % in 2009 .
the right rejects new austerity measures
on monday , antonis samaras , the leader of the right , gave his support to already approved measures to try and emerge from the debt crisis , but warned that his party would not support additional austerity .
&quot; we will not vote in favour of new measures , &quot; he said at a meeting with the deputies of his new democracy party .
he declared his agreement with the objectives of reduction of the deficit and of the debt and of the struggle against waste , but also his opposition to any policy which would prevent economic recovery .
to olli rehn , the european commissioner responsible for economic and monetary affairs , who warned that the fmi and the eu would not unblock the loan of 8 thousand million euros required , without a written guarantee of all parties that they would support the planned measures , antonio samaras replied that his word was sufficient and that he would not sign anything under outside pressure .
it is necessary to legalise euthanasia and assisted suicide , says a committee of experts
canadians are living half dead , according to a report of the royal society of canada
regarding palliative medicine , the committee claims that governments , healthcare institutions and doctors work together to provide the best possible palliative care , apart from cancer cases .
canadian society is half dead .
only 9 % of canadians agree to speak with their doctor when they want to die and take steps to that end .
this is one the conclusions of an imposing report by the royal society of canada , in which six experts in different fields took part , including ethics , the law and medicine .
this committee recommends to the government to modify the criminal code , so as to permit assisted suicide and euthanasia when it is elected by a patient deemed competent to make such a decision .
at the outset , the experts cite a recent inquiry by the economist intelligence unit , which compared the quality of death in 40 countries worldwide .
whilst canada is placed 10th , the study notes that &quot; the medicalisation of death in canada has produced a culture in which people are afraid to tackle the subject of death .
medicalisation or not , 77 % of canadians do not have access to palliative care , report experts appointed by the royal society of canada .
and 86 % of them end by dying in hospital
countrywide , it is in quebec that the rate is highest , with 86 % of deaths taking place in hospital .
on the delicate question of euthanasia and assisted suicide , the authors of the report arrive at conclusions which oppose the position of the federal government , which has already said that it does not wish to change anything in the criminal code concerning euthanasia and assisted suicide .
now , according to the experts who also reviewed the position of all countries where these actions have been legalised or decriminalised , there is no proof that the aid decriminalisation involves abuses of application , that is to say , the practice of euthanasia , or of assisted suicide on persons who are not competent , or not consenting .
on the contrary , affirmed during a teleconference , jocelyn downie , who submitted the report , more such cases were found precisely in those countries , where euthanasia and assisted suicide have not been legalised .
&quot; euthanasia is practised in canada , where it is clearly illegal . &quot;
&quot; assisted suicide is practised in canada , where it is clearly illegal , explains jocelyn downie .
canadians in favour of euthanasia
it should be remembered that 85 % of canadians are in favour of euthanasia , because according to an angus reid enquiry in 2010 , they believe that it would allow persons at the end of their lives to alleviate their suffering .
and the legalisation of euthanasia would not result in sending a message that the life of aged or handicapped persons had less value .
regarding persons who commit assisted suicide , investigations indicate that 41 % of such cases should not have been prosecuted .
regarding the continuation , or the withdrawal of nursing care of a patient , the situation is less clear , say the authors of the report .
they also suggest among their other recommendations , that the penal code should state that legally valid withdrawal of nursing care is not criminal .
the committee of experts also requests that health professionals should be trained in the duty to respect a withdrawal of nursing care at the end of life without having to fear criminal prosecution .
regarding palliative care , the committee calls on governments , nursing institutions , and doctors to work together to provide the best possible palliative care and not only in cases of cancer .
lastly , concerning palliative sedation already widely used in canadian health institutions , the committee asks that it should be considered where it only serves to reduce physical pain , as does euthanasia and that it should be subject to the same procedures .
reservations of other experts
certain experts in the field of the health-related legislation have already voiced reservations concerning the conclusions of the royal society of canada experts &apos; report .
maître pierre deschamps , a specialist in health legislation , described as &quot; extreme &quot; the position of the experts who signed the report , because among other things , it does not restrict the practice of euthanasia to terminal cases .
&quot; this opens the door on a situation where everyone who is tired of life and who is over 18 years old , could ask for help to commit suicide , says me deschamps , who yesterday consulted a summary of the report .
me deschamps also stresses that the authors of the report appear to place the independence of the person above all other values which contribute to the fabric of society
he says that &quot; in society there are signposts and constraints .
the specialist in health legislation , margaret somerville also expressed &quot; strong opposition to the conclusions of the report , which she described as being &quot; obviously pro-euthanasia . &quot;
margaret somerville , who is herself a member of the royal society of canada , contests , in particular , the data of the report concerning abuses in certain countries where euthanasia and assisted suicide have been legalised as in the netherlands and in oregon .
the king of jordan calls on president assad to relinquish power
damascus denounces a &quot; plot &quot;
syria is becoming increasingly isolated
the partisans of bachar al-assad demonstrated yesterday in front of the offices of the ministry of foreign affairs .
diplomatic pressures intensified yesterday on the syria of bachar al-assad , who , with the support of russia , is resisting them and has denounced a &quot; plot &quot; against his country .
two days after the suspension of syria from membership of the arab league , the european union has reinforced its sanctions against damascus , whilst syria &apos;s neighbours turkey and jordan , came out in favour of president assad &apos;s departure .
king abdallah ii of jordan yesterday became the first arab leader to call on president bachar al-assad to relinquish power in syria , where some forty civilians and members of the armed forces of the regime were killed .
&quot; if bachar had the interest of his country at heart , he would have to resign , but he would also have to create the necessary conditions for a new phase of the political life , said the king of jordan , a neighbouring country of syria , in a bbc interview .
in his turn , the turkish foreign minister , ahmet davutoglu deplored the fact that turkish efforts to mediate , which began at the start of the year , did not meet with success .
&quot; those in the middle east who are at peace with their people , but cannot satisfy their aspirations , will leave power , he said , alluding to syria , a neighbouring country , on which turkey is adopting an increasingly hard line .
for their part , the united states are congratulating themselves on the increased consensus against assad and the actions of the syrian regime following the decisions of the arab league and the european union .
&quot; the international community , the united states , the european union , the arab legaue , and countries such as turkey , are adopting an increasingly harder line &quot; in the face of the the repression in syria , observed mark toner , a spokesman of the state department .
during this time , 16 civilians and at least 19 members of the armed forces of the regime die in the area of deraa in the south of syria , announced l &apos;observatoire syrien des droits de l &apos;homme ( osdh ) .
two other civilians died during exchanges of fire and heavy rifles at jobar in the besieged town of homs , according tot his ong .
during a press conference , the syrian foreign minister walid mouallem stated that the country was approaching the end of the crisis . &quot;
he moreover reacted strongly against the decision of the arab league to suspend damascus which according to him represents a &quot; dangerous step . &quot;
syria will not bend , he added , assuring that plots against syria would fail . &quot;
after its decision to suspend syria , the arab league is at present studying &quot; a protection mechanism for civilians and wants the dispatch of 500 members of of arab rights of man organisations , of media and of military observers into the country .
the french foreign minister alain juppé also declared himself in favour to the dispatch of uno observers to help to protect civilians from repression by the regime , which according to him , is &quot; paranoid . &quot;
a new extraordinary meeting of the league is planned for tomorrow to debate the implementation of escape from the crisis decided on 2 november and foreseeing in particular , the withdrawal of armed forces from the towns in dispute and the liberation of arrested demonstrators .
the russian foreign minister , sergyey lavrov , yesterday described as &quot; incorrect &quot; the decision of the arab league , whilst china exhorted syria to implement the plan of emerging from the crisis , taking care not to support possible sanctions against damascus .
italy
monti demands time from the markets and sacrifices from italians
the future head of the italian government , mario monti , has asked the markets for a little time to form his team and to implement a programme , which will involve &quot; sacrifices , &quot; in order to recover credibility lost over the last few months of the berlusconi government .
the former european commissioner was yesterday in discussions with the political parties before today &apos;s meeting with unions and employers
he will have to form a relatively moderate cabinet composed of technocrats from outside parliament .
&quot; monti spoke about an important programme involving a lot of sacrifices , &quot; said francesco nucara , a deputy of one of the numerous small parliamentary groups taking part in the discussions after meeting the prime minister-designate .
the president of the chamber or deputies , gianfranco fini , said that he would wait to learn if mario monti would ask parliament for a vote of confidence between now and friday , to ascertain whether the new government had enough support .
the consultations will end in the presentation by m. monti of a limited list of a dozen or so ministers to the head of state , giorgio napolitano .
m. monti commented on the nervousness of the stockmarkets here , asking them for time .
in a &quot; democracy , time is needed for the preparation of a government and a programme , he stressed , adding that he was certain that the markets would be patient and understanding . &quot;
his appointment by the president was initially welcomed by the markets , but disquiet re-emerged , in particular after an unexpected fall in industrial production in eurozone in september .
the prime minister-designate had to form a team , most importantly comprising technocrats , even though he stressed that he would also like to include &quot; politicians . &quot;
the new government would have to last until 2013 , the date of the next election , he said .
according to the president of the chamber of deputies , gianfranco fini , the new government would secure the vote of confidence of parliament by friday .
m. monti undertook that once in office he would work hard to ensure that italy would once again become a protagonist in europe .
a spokesman for the european commissioner , olli rehn. stressed that &quot; regardless of a new government , our diagnostic of the italian economy has not changed . &quot;
the european union , being convinced that rome would not achieve its objective budget in 2013 despite the austerity plan adopted over recent months , has asked , in particular , for stringent new measures .
the italian &quot; boss of bosses &quot; emma marcegaglia , who will meet him on tuesday , has also insisted on the necessity of relaunching the economy , &quot; because a country which does not have growth , cannot observe the parameters of deficit . &quot;
m. monti , known for his competence and for his independence when he was european commissioner ( 1994-2004 ) , represents a &quot; change of epoch &quot; for italy after 17 years of &quot; berlusconism , &quot; the &quot; professor &quot; symbolising &quot; the challenge of seriousness &quot; and &quot; another italy , &quot; according to the leaderwriters .
the great unknown is the longevity of his team .
president napolitano would like to avoid an early election , because by april 2012 italy must place state debentures worth 200 thousand million euros .
a russian scientist has assisted an iranian nuclear programme
a russian scientist , vycheslav danilenko , assisted iran to develop a detonator usable with a nuclear weapon , confirmed on monday an american agency specialising in the field of atomic hazard .
the institute of science of international safety isis ) bases itself on the recent report from the international atomic safety agency ( aiea ) and other documents from this uno agency , to identify this researcher .
last week , aiea announced its serious disquiet concerning a &quot; possible military dimension &quot; of the iranian nuclear programme .
according to isis drawing largely on aiea documents , m. danilenko , born in 1934 , worked for 30 years from the &apos; sixties onward , in a soviet military nuclear centre in tcheliabinsk ( ural ) , and was involved in the manufacture by explosion of synthetic diamonds .
in 1989 or 1991 he left the centre to establish a company producing &quot; nano-diamants &quot; in kiev .
the economic difficulties of his company led him to contact the iranian embassy in ukraine in 1995 .
he then cooperated on an iranian programme from 1996 to 2002 , before returning to russia .
in its last report , aiea mentions &quot; strong indications that the development by iran &quot; of a system of nuclear detonation &quot; was aided by the work of a foreign expert , who not only knew this technique well , but who also informed the agency that he had worked for most of his career on this technology in the military nuclear programme of his country of origin . &quot;
anti-moslem crimes have increased by 50 %
between 2009 and 2010 , anti-moslem crimes increase by almost 50 % , whilst during the same period other forms of racial and religious violence had fallen slightly , or had not changed , according to fbi statistics published on monday .
according to these figures , the total number of cases of violence against moslems moved from 107 in 2009 to 160 in 2010 , equal to an increase of 49 % , as against an increase of 13 % of cases of violence against catholics , a fall of 4 % of attacks on jews and a global increase of 14 % in anti-religious crimes .
the global number of hate crimes increased very slightly to 6 628 cases , of which 47,3 % were motivated by racial differences and 20 % by religious differences , according to fbi .
&quot; after a decrease in 2009 , it is disturbing to see these crimes increasing again , stressed the rights of man organisation , human rights first , &quot; the increase of cases of anti-moslem violence is particularly significant , &quot; added the organisation in a communiqué .
&quot; human rights first has long stressed that acts of violence against moslems , as well as all forms of hate crime , must be regarded as serious violations of human rights , &quot; adds one of the managers of the organisation , paul legendre .
&quot; the american government can and must do more to deal with his abuse , he adds , judging that this could be due to the editing of police reports on hate crimes . &quot;
&quot; hate crime &quot; in federal law , is a legacy from the period of struggle for civil rights .
this legislation was passed after the death of martin luther king to punish acts of violence linked to race , colour of skin , religion , origin and now sexual orientation .
twitter modifies its platform and resembles facebook
on monday , the microblog site twitter introduced changes in the presentation of its platform , to allow its users , in particular , to observe the activity of those whom they are monitoring , which makes its service resemble that of facebook .
a new tab &quot; activity &quot; and another &quot; name &quot; make it possible to follow more legibly and directly the activity of other &quot; twitters , &quot; the internet navigators whose messages are monitored ( &quot; tweets &quot; ) and of those who monitor you .
this enables one to know if they cause messages to be monitored , if they subscribe new accounts , if they have favourite messages , etc .
this new twitter formula was tested &quot; on a small percentage of users in august &quot; before being broadcast to the entire network on monday , indicated a spokeswoman of twitter , carolyn penner to afp .
twitter , which has been known so far for being rather unintuitive , and for its use of somewhat esoteric terms ( rt for re-posting someone else &apos;s message , # followfriday for recommending following other users ) , much to the delight of experienced users , is thus opening itself to a wider audience by offering a user experience closer to those of popular social networks facebook and google + .
on the network , users debated this innovation via &quot; tweets &quot; on internet .
&quot; it is useless , invasive and resembles facebook excessively &quot;
&quot; the functionality activity will help me to monitor better certain elements of my twitter flow , &quot; sent @ dannykronstrom .
austria
inscription of a budgetary &quot; golden rule &quot; in the constitution
the government of the great social democratic / christian democratic coalition in power in austria decided on tuesday to write a budgetary &quot; golden rule &quot; into the constitution , in order to reduce public deficits and so avoid a possible downgrading by rating agencies of austria &apos;s sovereign credit rsting ( triple a ) .
it was the social-democratic chancellor his elf , werner faymann , who announced this decision at the end of a meeting of the council of ministers , with the austrian public debt at 74,6 % , much higher than the norm of a maximum of 60 % set by the treaty of maastricht , but below the public debt of countries like italy , greece or spain .
&quot; if the solvency of austria had not fallen by a single notch , from aaa to aa + , we would have to pay three thousand million euros of interest more every year , &quot; argued the vice-chancellor and christian democratic foreign minister , michael spindelegger .
austria thus complies with a request from the brussels summit of member-states of eurozone on 26 october ; the heads of state and government requested a reduction by the end of 2102 of public deficits and a return to balanced public accounts in the constitution or in a law to the same effect .
the dispositions adopted by the austrian government approach the &quot; german model , &quot; being the first european country to adopt this &quot; rule . &quot;
by 2017 , the public structural deficit must fall by 0.75 % of the pib ) and from 2017 , the structural public deficit of the austrian federal state must not exceed 0,35 % of pib in any year , whilst the länder , as well as communities , must submit balanced budgets .
the objective is that of making public debt fall below the 60 % criterion fixed by the treaty of maastricht by 2020 / 2021 .
yoshihoko noda
threatens fresh intervention on the exchange market
the japanese prime minister , yoshihiko noda , warned on tuesday that the japanese authorities would again intervene in the exchanges market if the value of the yen continued to rise .
&quot; we would intervene as we did the last time , if we found excessive volatility in the rate of exchange of the yen , explained m. noda to the senate .
on tuesday , the yen rose to near historical levels , causing the japanese authorities to intervene on 31 october .
on that date , tokyo sold the yen against the dollar on a massive scale in order to cut the value of the japanese currency , which was setting a new record of strength since 1945 .
but the yen had risen regularly since then , stimulated by purchases by investors who regard it as a &quot; shelter &quot; in these uncertain times of worldwide economic slowdown and the debt crisis in europe .
on tuesday , the dollar fell below 77 yen and the euro fell under the symbolic bar of 105 yen , close to levels which triggered the last intervention .
prior to the financial crisis of 2008-2009 , the dollar was about 120 yen and the euro over 160 yen .
this rise of the japanese currency damages japanese exports , because it makes japanese products more expensive and reduces the value of income of japanese firms from abroad , when converted into the national currency .
&quot; japan is fighting to reconstruct itself &quot; since the earthquake and the tsunami on 11 march , which devastated the region of tohoku ( north-east ) , stressed m. noda who fears that this rise of the yen does not kill the fragile embryonic recovery .
the world &apos;s third biggest economic power has resumed growth in the third quarter -1,5 % compared with the previous quarter - for the first time for a year , thanks to a rise in exports and consumption of households affected by the catastrophe .
but the prime minister felt that the high price of the yen did to reflect &quot; japan &apos;s economic fundamentals . &quot;
the minister of finance , jun azumi , called on the bank of japan ( boj ) , which on tuesday opened a two-day meeting of its monetary policy council , to take every necessary step to weaken the yen .
but the deputy governor of the institution , hirohide yamaguchi , warned that the bank of japan had already taken steps the &quot; appropriate steps &quot; stating that no additional monetary flexibility was to be expected on wednesday
since its last meeting at the end of october , the issuing institution increased by 5.000 million yen ( 47 thousand million euro &apos;s ) worth of treasury bond purchases , raising the ceiling to 55.000 thousand million yen ( 519 thousand million euros ) , which it is devoting to the purchase of various financial securities to flood the liquidity market .
eurozone :
the rates are climbing , the stock exchanges are wavering
the risk of contagion of the debt crisis is undermining european indices .
despite the appointment of new heads of government in greece and in italy and better growth figures in france and in germany , the rates in fragile countries continue to rise .
still worried about the stability of eurozone , european exchanges have entered a little further into the negative area on this tuesday 15 november .
in paris , at 10 a.m. , the cac 40 lost 1,4 % to end at 3.064 points .
the dax at frankfurt fell 0,4 % and london 0,1 % .
&quot; with the new tensions about the yield of loans of eurozone states in difficulties , the share markets worldwide contimue to lose a part of their recent gains . &quot;
&quot; nervous investors are only too aware of the risk of contagion , &quot; explains terry pratt , an institutional broker at ig markets quoted by reuter .
the tokyo exchange closed with a fall of 0,7 % , suffering fresh doubts of market participants on the subject of the capacity of europe to contain the debt crisis .
&quot; japan , like the rest of the world has its eyes riveted on europe and the exchanges will chase one another in a corridor of narrow variations as investors will not have proof that the situation has stabilised , &quot; states mitsushige akino , fund manager at ichiyoshi investment management .
this re-emergence of disquiet about the future of eurozone penalises the single currency , which has continued to fall on tuesday .
the euro is reaching its lowest level for a month and a half .
towards 10 a.m. the european currency is worth 1,3570 dollars , having fallen by 0,4 % .
according to brokers , it fell after the party of the chancellor angela merkel , the cdu meeting on monday adopted a motion , envisaging , in particular , the possibility of a country in difficulty leaving the eurozone without also leaving the european union .
italian and spanish rates substantially above 6 %
the borrowing rates of italy and spain remain at very disquieting levels .
this tuesday morning the yield of italian 10-year debentures attained 6,85 % , that of spanish ones of the same maturity date , 6,2 % .
these tensions of the rates of interest of southern countries , but also france , continue to feed the apprehensions of participants .
the head of the future italian government , mario monti asked the markets for time to restore the situation in an italy threatened by asphyxia by the weight of its debt .
the new greek prime minister lucas papademos affirmed that the implementation of decisions taken at the eurozone summit on 27 october would be &quot; the principal task &quot; of his government .
spain finds itself in the line of fire by the markets ahead of the parliamentary elections on sunday .
the spread of the rate between 10-year german and spanish bonds has reached a new historically high level .
awaiting the growth figures of eurozone
france has recorded an economic growth of 0,4 % in the third quarter , a little better than the expected 0,3 % , due to increased household consumption .
the inseen nevertheless revised downwards the figure for the second quarter , with a fall of 0,1 % of the gross internal product ( pib ) instead of stagnation .
and it is really the fourth quarter , which most disquiets the economists .
germany for its part , ha recorded a growth of 0,5 % for the same period .
a first estimate in respect of the whole eurozone is expected at 11 a.m , the european commission having warned against the risk of a new recession .
energy policy :
facts must prevail over dogmas
if there is a topic which cannot be dealt with via short-term considerations , or under the stress of emotion , it is energy policy .
the availability and cost of electricity affect directly the purchasing power and the competitiveness of companies .
it is healthy that an electoral rendezvous should be an occasion for reflecting on such stakes and the place occupied by nuclear power .
the debate will not be fruitful , unless it explores all the economic , social and environmental consequences of the proposed options .
the french must base their opinion on the objective facts of rational data .
now that we are 7 thousand million human beings on the planet , demographic development will involve a doubling of demand for electricity by 2050 , unless a huge proportion of the world &apos;s population is deprived of a vital element .
during the same period , it will become necessary to palliate the increasing shortage of fossil resources in order to continue to produce electricity permanently without forgetting the overriding need to reduce the emissions of greenhouse gases to fight climatic imbalance , a subject which has vanished from the ecological debate .
the fukushima accident does not modify any of these parameters .
this is why germany is isolated in its decision to renounce nuclear energy .
this is not the case of belgium , which subordinates its decision to the need to find a source able to replace nuclear energy , or that of switzerland , which intends to build only the most modern ones .
on the other hand , great britain , finland , poland , the czech republic , the netherlands , sweden , south africa , china , india , brazil to quote only a few , pursue their projects with determination .
the united states , decided after fukushima to add a unit to their range by resuming the construction of a centre , which was interrupted after the three mile island accident .
although the german model based on renewable energies is sometimes quoted as an example , the reality contradicts that argument .
the choice of berlin will result in a rise of the price of electricity , an increased energy dependence aggravated by increased recourse to imported gas , in particular from russia , a jump in carbon dioxide emissions due to the construction of gas and of coal centres .
in a few months all these adverse effects will already be felt .
the case of denmark should be considered .
champion of europe in the construction of turbines , from which it draws 30 % of its electricity , it is also one of the largest users of coal and of gas due to intermittent wind ; due to which its carbon dioxide emissions and the price of its electricity are respectively 65 % and 50 % higher than the european average .
on the other hand , thanks to the constancy of energy policy , our neighbours pay 40 % more for their electricity than french households .
since in the worldwide economy the cost of energy is a key factor of competitiveness and a stake in the maintenance of the industrial tool in the national territory , french companies benefit from the cheapest electricity in europe .
due to this , any significant fall in the cost of nuclear energy would bring about a big rise of cost of electricity , which would render illusory the fine declarations on re-industrialisation of our country and the protection of purchasing power .
a price , which a large majority of the french refuse to pay , all the more so , since they do not object to this form of energy in principle .
it should be recalled that the energy policy of our country made it possible to establish an industrial line of 125 000 direct jobs and 410 000 resulting ones .
strongly export-oriented , it attracts a galaxy of specialised rme &apos;s in international markets and creates many jobs , which cannot be moved elsewhere .
if france decided to abandon nuclear power , she would sacrifice a large number of these rme &apos;s and lose the annual 6 thousand million euro &apos;s worth of french exports of nuclear equipment and services .
what electrician would recommend a epr designed to function for sixty years , if the decline of its manufacture was programmed ?
to solve the energy equation , it must be admitted that there is no miraculous or diabolical source of production of electricity .
the development by areva of low carbon dioxide emission solutions , nuclear and renewable , bears witness to the complementary nature sources of energy .
for nuclear energy to maintain the highest level of safety , is absolutely vital .
in france , we have a safety authority , which exercises an intransigent and transparent control of existing generation centres such as flamanville .
our teams , whose professionalism is recognised , are accustomed to the same safety-related obsession .
in a space of 50 years , the nuclear industry has experienced three serious incidents .
only one , three mile island , occurred under normal operating conditions , but without any human or environmental consequences .
at tchernobyl , the design of the reactor and unforgivable human error brought about the drama .
at fukushima , some people appear to forget that the accident resulted from two natural disasters of unprecedented magnitude , which caused the death of tens of thousands of people .
the nuclear industry will draw lessons from this accident , as it has from its two predecessors .
the fruit of this step and of cooperation between safety authorities , the operators and french and german constructors , the epr presents a design enabling it to resist such phenomena .
since it is being considered by all electricians wishing to construct a generation centre , a decision to construct it at flamanville would be a magnificent gift to the competitors of areva and edf by clearing their way to seizing the leadership of the unavoidable development of nuclear energy .
it is essential and legitimate to look for the best fan of energies for our country , but it would be irresponsible to allow emotion , dogmas and partisan manoeuvres to dominate the debate , which is so decisive for the economic , social and financial situation of our country .
is immigration a burden or an opportunity for the economy ?
immigration policy under nicolas sarkozy was criticised from various aspects a congestion of police , legal and administrative services subjected to a policy of numbers and the compatibility of that policy with the self-proclaimed status of the country as the country of french human rights .
more recently , it is administrative harassment of foreign students , which is topical , with the minister of the interior ( &quot; libération &quot; on 23 may ) declaring that france &quot; does not need foreign talent , bricklayers and waiters . &quot;
but it is only rarely analysed from the economic viewpoint .
there is a lot of consensus between the left and the right on this subject .
on the right , the tone was set by jacques chirac , who declared in 1976 that &quot; 900,000 unemployed would not become a problem in a country with 2 million of foreign workers , &quot; and on the left by michel rocard explaining in 1990 that france &quot; cannot accommodate all the world &apos;s misery . &quot;
the only difference , the degree of generosity
in 2005 , the fear of invasion of the national territory by hordes of polish plumbers was felt both on the left and on the right .
both sides see immigrants as a burden on the french economy and on french society .
the only difference resides in the degree of generosity , which one deigns to grant to immigrants .
in his programme , françois hollande confines himself to banalities , saying that co-development would allow our immigration problem to be solved . &quot;
this notion of immigration being a burden and a problem , may be an electoral asset , but it is economically very costly .
as the economists ian goldin and geoffrey cameron , remind us in a recent book summarising the most recent knowledge of immigration ( exceptional people : how migration shaped our world and will define our future , mai 2011 , princeton university press , 352 pp . ) , there is wide consensus among specialists on the positive impact of migration flows on economic growth , wages and employment in countries , which admit immigrants .
restraining immigration leads to anaemic growth and harms employment .
fears about the impact of immigrants are based on the notion that they are liable to replace native workers , in particular unskilled ones , exerting downward pressure on wages .
but experience shows that in reality immigrants are much more complementary to , rather than replacements of , local labour , exercising trades in which there is a shortage of local labour .
unskilled immigrants work in sectors , which do not attract local labour and the most highly skilled ones in dynamic sectors where training does is not linked to offers of employment .
a positive effect on wages
in the same way as a surgeon would find it difficult to work in a country with a shortage of anaesthetists , the complementarities existing between locals and immigrants bring it about that the arrival of immigrants has a positive effect on the pay of locals .
giovanni peri has calculated that a rise of 1 % in the migratory flow causes an increase of between 0,6 and 0,9 % in real long-term pay .
and does so without taking into account the fact that the diversity contributed by immigrants contributes to the creation of ideas and to economic growth ( a large proportion of naturalised immigrants are among american nobel prizewinners , whilst google , intel , paypal , ebay and yahoo were all founded by immigrants ) .
migrants are also net contributors to social systems , averaging 1 % of the total budgets of european countries .
th world labour organisation estimates that for example in germany , an immigrant arriving at the age of 30 , will make a net contribution ( receipts less expenditure ) of an average of 150,000 euros to public budgets during his lifetime .
nicolas sarkozy wished at the start of his mandate to look for missing points of growth &quot; with the teeth . &quot;
the teeth in question , intended to serve to dissuade immigrants , had precisely the opposite effect .
europe invented democracy , thinks in terms of european democracy
democracy is a precious possession ; it is also a fragile one .
the european continent should be able to remember that having invented it in athens over two thousand years ago , it experienced during the xxth century the tragedies of the world war , of totalitarisms , the holocaust , the gulag , but also franco in spain , salazar in portugal and the colonels in greece .
some believed that it was enough for democracy to finally triumph over its enemies , to exercise the vote , and to do so as directly as possible .
it is known that since the time of napoleon it was a matter of faculty of thinking .
universal suffrage , in order to be the sine qua non of democracy , is not enough and can actually become a &quot; tool of oppression &quot; as once said the republican philosopher etienne vacherot .
no , democracy requires a lot more , a public space , a public spirit , values , an organisation , a separation and control of powers , education , the lumieres , economic and social solidarity , justice .
the european crisis , which we are passing through , is an economic crisis , but it is primarily a political crisis and a crisis of democracy .
in this respect , the palinode of a true-false greek referendum will have a double revelatory value , that of a need of a powerful reversal of policy , but also that of the worrying sentiment of its impossibility and of its incongruity .
this ambivalence must be thought through , in order that it can be bypassed .
the truth is that the lines of the forefront of democratic struggle have now moved , and that for many , the republican soldiers are no longer firing in the right direction .
we have nothing to gain from demanding a succession of national referendums organised as required and in a confused sequence .
the &quot; free hand &quot; of an absolute european monarch , or a jump with tied feet into the nationalist void ; what a choice for a citizen !
no , we do not want the blades of a guillotine , but an exercise , joint , serene and ongoing , of choice and of democracy , this time on european level .
there are no crises in greece , italy , spain or portugal and one would not know where to stop enumerating them , because there is only a single crisis and that is in europe .
it is the whole of europe , which defers to the dictates of the markets and of rating agencies , who suffer from their incapacity and a lack of solidarity .
it is all europe , which is humiliated on the international scene .
there is disquiet about the transfer of sovereignty to europe , but it is the entire europe , which is gradually losing its sovereignty , and with its each of its nations .
the urgency concerns the return to popular sovereignty , the direction of the european project .
because it is by all working together , that europeans will be able reduce the weight of their individual debts , to free themselves from the markets and to prepare for the future by investing in it .
emerging from the crisis will entail decisions on european level , which cannot be made without total democratic legitimacy without leading us into disaster .
after having long fought this proposal by specialists and of jacques delors , the whole world now calls for a european economic government .
let is be so .
but the idea without stronger economic , political and democratic integration and lived in such by citizens , would be a fresh folly and a new impasse .
we must launch a new stage of european construction .
to establish the republic in france , it was necessary to &quot; make &quot; republicans .
the revolution of interests would not be enough .
this lesson remains valid .
we must construct a europe integrated on economic level .
this can only be done by constructing a more democratic europe on political level , a real popular european sovereignty .
to make europe , let us make europeans .
chip maps without contacts become generalised
the worldwide chip map room opens on tuesday at villepinte near paris , in an optimistic atmosphere .
the year 2011 should actually end on an 11 % rise of worldwide sales of microprocessors ( bank cards , telephones with a sim card ... ) , with over 6 thousand million units , according to eurosmart .
the most important sector is that of contactless technology , which enables paying for common transport or paying for purchases simply by passing the card over a reader .
this year , 460 million of contactless chip cards should be sold worldwide , as against 320 millions a year earlier !
their share will progress in 2012 ( 580 million units expected ) and represent almost 10 % of the global market of chip cards ( 6,925 million cards ) .
for a long time , lagging behind the asia-pacific region , europe is now gaining ground in contactless payment .
some 26 million visa bank cards are already equipped with this functionality and 75 000 payment terminals accept them .
in france , the start is more modest ; 400.000 contactless visa card are in use .
but the large stores are installing superfast slots .
this year , carrefour issued 2,5 million contactless mastercards .
to achieve higher speeds , it is now necessary to equip their clients .
&quot; two large french establishments have undertaken to distribute systematically in future to their clients , bank cards equipped for contactless use , announces gérard nébouy , director-general of visa europe france .
banks are testing payment by mobile telephone
but this is only a first stage of the future mode of payment , namely , the mobile telephone .
few apparatus are at present equipped with nfc technology ( near field communication , essential for implementing these transactions .
&quot; they have been delayed .
&quot; but they should really take wing next year . &quot;
&quot; we are counting on a worldwide sale of 80 to 120 million units in 2012 , explains marc bertin , president of eurosmart .
but the banks are forging ahead .
yesterday , crédit agricole announced a test to run from next december to june in caen .
the iphones of some 200 clients and collaborators are going to be equipped to authorise contactless payment .
the bpce has a similar project in strasbourg and in marseille .
and the société générale also said yesterday that it is preparing the market launch of an offer enabling its clients to pay via their mobiles .
the terrorist front extends from sahara to nigeria
paris is disquieted by links between the islamic maghreb and the boko haram sect .
suspected for a long time , the links between the terrorist group al-qaida in the islamic maghreb ( aqmi ) and the nigerian boko haram sect have been confirmed .
on sunday , the algerian deputy foreign minister , abdelkader messahel , even stated that algiers is now certain .
&quot; the manner in which the two organisations operate and the reports of secret services show that there is a lot of cooperation , he explained without elaborating .
paris appears to make a similar analysis .
the inquiry into the kidnapping of two frenchmen in niger in january discovered two bridges .
the men kidnapped men in a restaurant in niamey by relatives of aqui , antoine de léocour and vincent delory had to be killed on the next day at the same time as several of their kidnappers during an operation launched by special french forces .
among the rubble left behind by the action , french and nigerian investigators found several telephone chips belonging to the terrorists .
terrorist axis
the analysis of calls exchanged indicates several interlocutors based in mali , in niger and in nigeria .
according to radio france internationale ( rfi ) , two numbers interest the investigators in particular ; one leads to a nigerian who lived for a long time in maiduguri , a town in northern nigeria , the cradle of boko haram and the other to a man said to be close to aqmi and to the sect .
&quot; this is an advance , but it is undoubtedly necessary to await more exact proofs before talking about operational cooperation between aqmi and boko haram . &quot;
&quot; but it is possible . &quot;
&quot; it has been known for years that the sect benefits from outside financial and intellectual support and that it is becoming more and more active , says kunle amuwo , a nigerian researcher .
in recent months , this support became more and more evident from the developments and statements by boko haram and from its methods of operation , which increasingly include resort to kamikazes and to increasingly complex explosive engines of the same type as those used by aqmi .
the international community , starting with washington , is now exerting pressure on abuja to take into account the problems caused by boko haram .
nigerian authorities have in fact long considered the group to be a community of enlightened persons not worthy of interest .
rapid success
founded in 2002 at maiduguri around a mosque , a school and a fundamentalist imam mohammed yusuf , boko haram - which means in hausa &quot; with western education &quot; is a criminal , who promotes the installation of an islamic emirate in the moslem north of nigeria .
in this poor region , the association is enjoying rapid success .
it is politicised and demands rigid respect of sharia , whilst its militants engage in a struggle with the impious central government .
the latter target primarily churches , bars and administrations .
in 2009 , the militants of boko haram showed themselves particularly active , multiplying attacks on police establishments .
the reaction of abuja is , as usual , without light and shade .
the army surrounds a town and leaves 800 dead behind .
mohammed yusuf , arrested alive , was killed in prison .
now the sect will become radicalised and will leave its northern fiefs .
last christmas it claimed an attack , which left 80 dead at jos and then more at abuja .
in june at abuja , boko haram takes a secured police qg during a suicide attack , its first .
in august , the local united nations headquarters will be its first international target .
the creation of a terrorist axis in africa , which will move from mauritania to somalia via nigeria , now disquiets all security specialists .
now that aqmi has invested mali and niger and the somalis of al-chebab operate in kenya , boko haram appears to be a new menace in the continent .
last week during an interview in nigeria with president goodluck jonathan , alain juppé warned against boko haram and declared himself ready to share all intelligence .
the world according to the republican presidential candidates
concerning china , iran , aid to israel , mitt romney , herman cain , and rick perry compete in simplification and a lack of knowledge .
can an america weakened by crisis , lead a complex world by simple and indeed , simplistic , ideas ?
to listen to republican presidential candidates , the electors might believe it .
for some days , mitt romney , herman cain , rick perry and the others multiply resounding and abbreviated foreign policy declarations , which are traditionally a republican strong suit .
concerning china , iran and aid to israel , the slogans , are often fused together .
mitt romney , the best placed for nomination of the &quot; grand old party , &quot; threatened to drag the chinese before the omc and to accuse them of &quot; manipulation of their currency , a sensitive subject in an america exasperated by the migration of whole sections of its industry to asia .
so much the worse if this should trigger a trade war , he said .
jon huntsman , obama &apos;s former ambassador to china and the only candidate with a vision of a sophisticated foreign policy , has failed to suppress an attitude which flatters the emotions .
he called for a muscular , but a constructive , dialogue with peking ( the current position of obama ) .
but huntsman , who is stagnating at the bottom of the polls , remains inaudible .
in the style of reagan
romney also promised military strikes on iran , if sanctions failed to stop its nuclear programme .
&quot; if i am elected , i will stop iran , he trumpeted . &quot;
&quot; if obama is re-elected , they will have the bomb . &quot;
hr also promised to increase military aid to israel , accusing obama of failing in his obligations to wards that partner .
the entrepreneur herman cain , the second best-placed candidate , declares an embarrassing lack of knowledge of the files .
recently , he called for opposition to the chinese military threat , because peking is trying to develop a nuclear capacity - apparently unaware of the fact that china has possessed it since 1964 !
the texas governor rick perry , who supports israel and wants military strikes against iran , says that he is ready to involve the usa army in mexico against the drug cartels .
resort to the torture of terrorist suspects prohibited by obama in 2009 , is also recommended by cain , perry and by the candidate michele bachmann .
one is far away from the 2008 republican candidate john mccain , a foreign policy heavyweight .
the opponents of the current president reply that reagan also had simple ideas and that he won the cold war .
they recall that obama himself was an amateur and that he had to water down his wine concerning anti-terrorism .
they insist with good reason on the setback of his naive dialogue with iran on the premature departure of the &quot; boys &quot; from iraq , his tergiversations in libya labelling him weak .
but the attack is not so easy .
the population judges as positive obama &apos;s the balance of national security , which eliminated bin laden .
since iraq , it distrusts military interventions , which run into quicksands .
and in arguing that it is necessary to reconstruct america economically to revive its leadership , obama is right .
the north stream , a new portal for the entry of russian gas into europe
the north stream gasduct connecting western europe and russia directly along the bottom of the baltic sea , has been commissioned .
it is scheduled to supply gas for the equivalent of 30 million homes .
gazprom , the giant russian gas producer , wanted to celebrate the event with a &quot; bang . &quot;
over 500 guests including four heads of state and of government took part last tuesday on the shores of the baltic , between an orchestral performance and a fine buffet , in the inauguration of north stream , the new gasduct , which directly links russia and germany under the sea .
symbolically , the german chancellor angela merkel , the russian president dmitri medvedev , the french prime minister françois fillon and his dutch opposite number mark rutte jointly turned the valve controlling the entry of russian gas into the west european network .
with this new gasduct , 27,5 thousand million additional cubic metres of russian gas will arrive every year in western europe via a first pipeline of 1 224 km linking the region of saint petersburg to the land of mecklemburg-pomerania .
a second pipeline is due to be ready by the end of 2012 , making it possible to deliver a total of 55 thousand million cubic metres of gas , the equivalent of the entire french consumption .
and the possibility of constructing a third pipeline of the same course is already under discussion .
for gazprom , the completion on time of this huge project is a victory .
the project was fiercely competed for by poland and the baltic states .
the north stream will in fact allow gas to be delivered directly to germany , avoiding any passage via a third country ( poland or the ukraine ) .
these two countries will lose some of their power : it will become more difficult for them to influence russia by threatening to close access to west european markets .
at the most critical point of the debate , warsaw did not hesitate to compare north stream new &quot; german-soviet pact , &quot; referring to the alliance between hitler and stalin to occupy poland in 1939 .
that is to say that the topic is politically sensitive .
by supporting this russian project , western europe is gaining greater security for its supplies .
but at the price of depriving europe of energy , since the project has created a breach between eastern and western europe .
russia has succeeded in less than five years , in achieving its vision of a direct alliance between russia and the the rich western countries , which consume large quantities of gas , and whose deposits are declining .
&quot; this gasduct is a component of partnership with russia , it is a new artery which links us organically , &quot; confirmed françois fillon inaugurating the gasduct , demonstrating to what extent large gas contracts are both politically and economically important .
all this explains the broad smiles on the faces of the heads of gazprom , present in large numbers at lubmin , the point of arrival of the gas .
the construction of this gasduct is also a technical exploit .
the undersea pipeline is made of steel embedded in concrete , in order to protect it from ships &apos; anchors .
ir rests on the bottom of the sea , at an average depth of 200 metres .
to construct it , it was necessary to avoid minefields dating back to the second world war .
&quot; a hundred had to be removed or destroyed as a precaution , &quot; says jens müller , spokesman of north stream company .
it was also necessary to multiply steps of protecting the fauna and the flora .
the pipeline is a long metal serpent , of weight equivalent to that of 242 eiffel towers , with no breaks throughout its length , no valves and no maintenance stations .
a control platform was provided on the level of sweden , but the project managers abandoned it since the swedes were not keen on seeing a russian state company becoming permanently on its shores .
&quot; in case of accident we stop the passage of gas for at least one minute , &quot; states jens müller .
in the case of a leak , the gas contained in the gasduct therefore escapes into the air .
but this is thought to be unlikely by the constructors who provided welds to leak only every 100 000 years .
the surveillance of the state of the gasduct is provided by an undersea robot , pulled by a ship for outside observation , as well as by an apparatus circulating within the gasduct .
being cigar-shaped , it is introduced inside the 1-metre wide pipeline , and it is pushed along by the gas .
on arrival after 3 complete days of travel at a speed of 3 metres per second , it delivers precise information concerning any metal deformation .
the gasduct was designed to work for 50 years without any need for even the smallest repair .
the gas circulation is implemented simply by its pressure .
this is 200 bar on leaving and 100 bar on arrival .
five companies combined their forces to implement this project .
the leader remains gazprom , which holds 51 % of the shareholding .
the others are the german companies e.on and basf ( 15.5 % each ) and the dutch gasunie and the french group gdf suez ( 9 % each ) .
these five companies have created a joint enterprise called north stream , delegated to construct and to operate the gasduct .
it has its headquarters at zug in switzerland , where taxation is particularly favourable .
gazprom next leased to this company for twenty renewable years , the entire capacity of gas transport .
&quot; gazprom will pay for the total capacity , whatever may be the quantity of gas actually transported , &quot; states jens müller .
the financing of the construction of the gasduct was provided to the extent of 30 % by the shareholders and of 70 % by bank loans .
the total cost of the works will be 7.4 thousand million euros for the two pipelines .
the gdf suez investment will be about 240 millions .
but the minority shareholders are certain to recover their costs , since gazprom assumes the entire risk .
the gasduct emerges from the baltic sea at lubmin on a sandy littoral planted with conifers .
4.5 metre high valves form the gas exit .
sensors measure pressure , temperature and the specific gravities of arriving gas before being transferred into german gasducts .
since last tuesday , the terminal has been receiving one million cubic metres of russian gas every hour .
at full capacity , this will be 3 million an hour and in 2012 , 6 million .
moleskine , a brand card .
created fifteen years ago by an italian company , moleskine will restore the taste of writing .
it is a scent of adventure , of hours sent in writing by a the light of a candle .
the moleskine notebook is easily recognised , by its black rectangular cover , its elastic , its broken white pages , as if aged over time .
nevertheless , the moleskine notebook as we know it today , was born in 1997 .
the italian company modo modo , based in milan , decided to launch a designer notebook .
maria sebregondi , then a consultant of the company , has assumed responsibility for the launch of the new product .
the notebook draws its inspiration from an old production technique , the mole skin which means varnished cotton used for covering benches , for example .
this type of notebook is said to be highly prized by writers and travellers .
&quot; moleskine has been updated to meet current taste for an old and forgotten object , which was an avantgarde artists &apos; icon up to the xxth century , &quot; related maria sebregondi , who has since become the manager of the brand name at modo modo .
success is there .
between 2006 and 2010 , sales rose by 25 % to reach 12.7 million units .
one has travelled far from the production of the first years , when only 3000 notebooks were made .
moleskine is crossing the italian frontiers and is exporting to 70 countries , from france to the usa .
it is difficult to establish a profile of the typical purchaser , because the notebook attracts equally a businessman , a student and a professional .
moleskine consumers are cosmopolitan , open-minded and cultivated .
the small italian company , which had only 12 employees at the start , now has almost 100 and two offices , one in milan and the other in new york .
its distributes its notebooks to fnac libraries , small shops in town centres and has succeeded in becoming well known .
&quot; we followed the spirit of the times and this need for new means of writing , notwithstanding the rise of e-mail , &quot; explains maria sebregondi .
this cultural signature accompanies the development of moleskine ; recently , the brand launched an exhibition &quot; detour &quot; where architects or artists exhibit their own notebook .
in august , it also launched a leopardskin pattern cover on the occasion of the film festival in locarno .
exploiting its success and the cultural aura , moleskine diversified its products to include handbags , pens , computer bags . the brand includes every kind of support .
a success , which aroused envy ; in the autumn of 2006 , modo modo was bought by the investment fund sg capital europe , now syntegra capital , to write a new page in the history of moleskine .
why is the rate of unemployment of handicapped workers so high ?
some 19 % of handicapped persons are looking for work .
the 15th week for the employment of the handicapped starts today .
despite a public voluntary policy introduced in 2005 , the rate of unemployment of the handicapped is still twice as high as the average , namely 19 % , versus 9 % for the population as a whole .
discouraging ?
&quot; no , stresses eric blanchet , director-general of adapt , the association which organises the week for the employment of the handicapped . &quot;
&quot; the progress achieved since 15 years ago is considerable . &quot;
&quot; at that time the rate of unemployment was not 2x but 3x as high . &quot;
&quot; there is however still a huge amount to do . &quot;
it must be said that for the handicapped , the obstacles to obtaining employment are still many .
they are rather old : 37 % are over 50 ( 17 % on average ) .
they have rather a low level of qualifications ; 80 % do not have the &quot; bac &quot; and out of the 2.3 million students in higher education only 10 000 are handicapped .
lastly , long-term unemployment is very widespread , being 85 % for the handicapped versus 38 % on an average .
briefly , all these are criteria which greatly complicate a return to employment and which constitute the nub of the problem , &quot; according to christian grapin , director-general of tremplin , an association created in 1992 to help companies to recruit handicapped workers .
here are some of the brakes .
it is hardly necessary to speak about mentalities , which do change , but too slowly .
a study carried out in april by the association ims-entreprendre pour la cité showed that the managers questioned had a low level of knowledge of handicap , &quot; with an &quot; over-representation of persons in wheelchairs , psychically or intellectually deficient persons . &quot;
result - private companies employing over 20 persons are still far from achieving the objective of employing the 6 % of handicapped workers , fixed by a law dating back to 1987 .
the latter known figures dating to 2008 have a ratio of 2.6 % .
&quot; we are now on around 3 % , &quot; says pierre blanc , director-general of the agefiph , the organisation responsible for collecting contributions from companies which do not observe this law .
proof : the number of &quot; taxed &quot; establishments , like the sums paid , have fallen between 2007 and 2011 , from 59 000 to 46 000 structures ( and from 606 to 480 million euros ) .
&quot; the law of 2005 , which raised the contributions , created a strong pressure on companies , explains pierre blanc . &quot;
&quot; but this improvement also reflects a rise of consciousness , in particular within large groups . &quot;
according to the ministry of employment , only 59 % of establishments employing between 20 and 49 handicapped persons , versus 82 % of companies employing between 100 and 199 persons .
chance : &quot; what happiness &quot;
before facing the blues on tuesday evening ( 20.45 hrs ) eden hazard and georges leekens did not hide the pleasure , which this friendly match gave to them .
we do not go so far as to say that there was connivance between them , but the image is symbolic .
sitting side by side on the tribune of the auditorium of the stade de france , georges leekens and eden hazard made peace .
five months following the gesture of humour of his attacker against turkey , the belgian selector can only be praised .
&quot; i am very pleased with eden , his progress and the fact that he is belgian . &quot;
&quot; i want to go forward , assures the lillois .
in contrast between his respective club and selection performances , &quot; it is of a piece if it is justified . &quot;
&quot; at lille , i am there all the year round , which is not the case of belgium . &quot;
&quot; i must take my marks . &quot;
selected to play against romania on friday evening in its match against france , hazard went to saint-denis in order at last to &quot; shine . &quot;
not however forgetting the notion of &quot; pleasing . &quot;
he encouraged the blues from the age of 7 years and the victorious campaigns of 1998 and 2000 .
&quot; i always supported them , he affirms .
this necessarily participates in strengthening even more the particular character of this match .
all the more so , since opposite are mathieu ( debuchy ) , yohan ( cabaye ) and adil ( rami ) , &quot; he recalls .
&quot; we just crossed each others path . &quot;
&quot; to be able to play against them , that is pure happiness ! &quot;
with bonhomie , leekens recalled &quot; pride . &quot;
&quot; pride &quot; of playing in &quot; a gala match . &quot;
&quot; pride &quot; also in inding ass &quot; neighbour &quot; that france has &quot; become again a very high level team &quot; only a little more than one year after the trauma of knysna .
&quot; laurent blanc was a thunderbolt , he enthuses .
now that belgium will miss the next euro , the technician will share an aircraft with the blues management ... brazil in 2014 .
&quot; our little belgians become big , &quot; he stressed .
&quot; one is building something , the players are ambitious , they are hungry . &quot;
&quot; you will realise this during the matches to come . including that against france .
portugal is very confident
the portugal of paulo bento starts its return match against bosnia ( 22h00 ) very optimistically , this tuesday in lisbon .
on their way there , both teams appeared to lack realism .
&quot; at the end of these 90 minutes , we will be a happy team and most importantly , a happy country . &quot;
paulo bento already sees himself in poland and in the ukraine .
for him there is not a shadow of a doubt , the selection , with which he has been at odds since september 2010 , will qualify for euro 2012 .
portugal is only 90 minutes away from happiness .
but there is match to play and an opponent , bosnia to conquer .
in view of the ( 0-0 ) , on friday in the hell of zenica it is clear that the games are not over .
whilst portugal dominated the match for over one hour , it was not able to reach this precious target , which would have consoled it .
&quot; it is a good result , which nevertheless involves a certain risk &quot;
but on their side , in their illuminated stade de la luz in lisbon , the portuguese are convinced that they are playing in front of a public which must be enthusiastic , even if the match is very close , &quot; said an optimistic , but lucid , bento
&quot; we are expecting a very close match , but we are convinced that we can win , declared the portuguese trainer aged 42 .
&quot; we continue to have a 50 % chance of being at euro 2012 , &quot; even under the successor of carlos queiroz .
the zero taken on friday from bosnia obliges the portuguese to win .
a zero may be sufficient for the bosnians .
&quot; it is a good result , which nevertheless carries some risk , regrets bento .
&quot; we are going to play a team which has many technical qualities and which has players possessing many individual qualities , &quot; he added .
as already in zenica , the portuguese would plan to exert maximal pressure on the bosnians from the start , to &quot; give them no time to think . &quot;
a good idea , provided that it will , prove realistic this time .
india and japan prime ministers meet in tokyo
india &apos;s new prime minister , narendra modi , is meeting his japanese counterpart , shinzo abe , in tokyo to discuss economic and security ties , on his first major foreign visit since winning may &apos;s election .
mr modi is on a five-day trip to japan to strengthen economic ties with the third largest economy in the world .
high on the agenda are plans for greater nuclear co-operation .
india is also reportedly hoping for a deal on defence collaboration between the two nations .
karratha police arrest 20-year-old after high speed motorcycle chase
a motorcycle has been seized after it was ridden at 125km / h in a 70km / h zone and through bushland to escape police in the pilbara .
traffic police on patrol in karratha this morning tried to pull over a blue motorcycle when they spotted it reaching 125km / h as it pulled out of a service station on bathgate road .
police say the rider then failed to stop and continued on to burgess road before turning into bushland , causing the officers to lose sight of it .
the motorcycle and a person matching the description of the rider was then spotted at a house on walcott way in bulgarra .
karratha police have charged a 20-year-old man with failing to stop and reckless driving .
he is due to appear in karratha magistrates court on september 23 .
the motorcycle was seized and impounded for three months .
george webster accused of nairn and pitlochry hotel rapes
a man is to stand trial accused of raping women at two hotels .
george webster , 28 , faced the charges during a hearing at the high court in glasgow .
he is alleged to have raped a woman at the scotland &apos;s hotel in pitlochry in perthshire on june 7 , 2013 .
it is claimed webster attacked her while she was &quot; unconscious , asleep and incapable of giving consent . &quot;
webster is then charged with raping a second woman at the golf view hotel in nairn in the highlands on may 4 , 2014 .
judge lady rae set a trial date for november 17 at the high court in edinburgh .
reconnecting with the very american ideal that labor rights are human rights
congressmen keith ellison and john lewis have proposed legislation to protect union organizing as a civil right .
&quot; as go unions , so go middle-class jobs , &quot; says ellison , the minnesota democrat who serves as a congressional progressive caucus co-chair .
that &apos;s why i &apos;m proud to introduce the employee empowerment act with civil rights icon john lewis .
this ground-breaking legislation will give workers the same legal options for union organizing discrimination as for other forms of discrimination - stopping anti-union forces in their tracks
amending the national labor relations act to allow workers who face discrimination for engaging in union organizing to sue for justice in the civil courts - and to collect compensatory and punitive damages - is a sound and necessary initiative .
but it in certainly not a radical initiative - at least by american standards .
indeed , the best way to understand what ellison , lewis and the cosponsors of their legislation are proposing is as a reconnection with a very american idea .
despite the battering that unions have taken in recent years - in wisconsin , michigan and states across the country - americans once encouraged countries around the world to embrace , extend and respect labor rights .
there was a time , within the living memory of millions of americans , when this country championed democracy , freedom of speech , freedom of the press and the right to organize in the same breath .
when the united states occupied japan after world war ii , general douglas macarthur and his aides encouraged the country to adopt a constitution designed to assure that hideki tojo &apos;s militarized autocracy would be replaced with democracy .
fully aware that workers and their unions had a role to play in shaping the new japan , they included language that explicitly recognized that &quot; the right of workers to organize and to bargain and act collectively is guaranteed . &quot;
when the united states occupied germany after world war ii , general dwight david eisenhower and his aides urged the germans to write a constitution that would assure that adolf hitler &apos;s fascism was replaced with muscular democracy .
recognizing that workers would need to organize and make their voices heard in the new nation , the germans included a provision that explicitly declared : &quot; the right to form associations to safeguard and improve working and economic conditions shall be guaranteed to every individual and to every occupation or profession .
agreements that restrict or seek to impair this right shall be null and void ; measures directed to this end shall be unlawful .
when former first lady eleanor roosevelt chaired the international commission on human rights , which drafted the universal declaration of human rights that would in 1948 be adopted by the united nations as a global covenant , roosevelt and the drafters included a guarantee that &quot; everyone has the right to form and to join trade unions for the protection of his interests . &quot;
for generations , americans accepted the basic premise that labor rights are human rights .
when this country counseled other countries on how to forge civil and democratic societies , americans explained that the right to organize a trade union - and to have that trade union engage in collective bargaining as an equal partner with corporations and government agencies - had to be protected .
now , with those rights under assault in america , it is wise , indeed , to recommit to the american ideal that working people must have a right to organize and to make their voices heard in a free and open society .
as the reverend martin luther king jr. said fifty years ago :
history is a great teacher .
now everyone knows that the labor movement did not diminish the strength of the nation but enlarged it .
by raising the living standards of millions , labor miraculously created a market for industry and lifted the whole nation to undreamed of levels of production .
those who attack labor forget these simple truths , but history remembers them .
history remembers , as should we .
the formal recognition of labor rights as human rights - and the extension of civil rights protections to prevent discrimination against labor organizing - is long overdue .
keith ellison and john lewis are renewing ideals that have historically enlarged america and made real the promise of democracy .
judge temporarily blocks law that could close all louisiana abortion clinics
a u.s. federal judge on sunday temporarily blocked enforcement of a louisiana law that advocates say would likely have closed all five abortion clinics in the state .
the measure , signed into law by louisiana governor bobby jindal in june and due to take effect sept . 1 , would require doctors who perform abortions to have patient admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles of their practice .
however , the judge &apos;s ruling means that for the time being doctors can continue to perform legal abortions while seeking such privileges .
&quot; plaintiffs will be allowed to operate lawfully while continuing their efforts to obtain privileges , &quot; federal judge john degravelles wrote in the decision .
a hearing will be scheduled within a month for the judge to make a more permanent ruling on the law .
abortion rights activists applauded the decision , the latest in a string of rulings against similar measures , saying it would give doctors more time to seek hospital privileges .
&quot; today &apos;s ruling ensures louisiana women are safe from an underhanded law that seeks to strip them of their health and rights , &quot; said nancy northup , president and chief executive of the center for reproductive rights , which sued to block the law on behalf of three of the state &apos;s five clinics .
it was not immediately clear whether the ruling applied to doctors from the two clinics who were not plaintiffs in the suit and have also applied for admitting privileges .
louisiana is among 11 states that have passed similar laws , with courts recently ruling unconstitutional such measures in alabama and mississippi .
key parts of a texas law that would have shuttered most remaining clinics in that state were blocked by a federal judge on friday .
abortion rights campaigners , along with the american college of obstetricians and gynecologists and the american medical association , say admitting privileges laws impose medically unnecessary requirements on doctors .
anti-abortion advocates have countered that the measures aim to protect women &apos;s health , though some have also lauded their effect of shuttering clinics .
only one doctor who performs abortions in louisiana has hospital admitting privileges , the center for reproductive rights said .
if all other doctors in the state are forced to stop performing abortions , that doctor , fearful for his safety , would stop carrying out the procedure , the group said .
in arguing against the ruling , louisiana officials said they would not punish doctors performing abortions while their applications for admitting privileges were pending .
delayed diagnosis and inability to access best treatment mean ovarian cancer kills more in rural areas
angelina jolie and her brother james have posted a video tribute to their late mother who died of ovarian cancer in 2007 .
women living in rural australia are at higher risk of dying from ovarian cancer than their city counterparts .
researchers analysed medical records of more than 1100 australian women diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2005 , finding just 35 per cent lived for five years after diagnosis .
lead researcher susan jordan , of the qimr berghofer medical research institute , said those living in regional and remote areas of the state were about 20 per cent more likely to die during the study than those in urban areas .
small study : new drugs may slow lung , ovarian cancer
the researchers tracked the women &apos;s medical journeys across seven years .
dr jordan said a woman &apos;s age at the time of diagnosis , ovarian cancer type , having existing illnesses and socio-economic status also impacted on survival chances .
older women and those whose cancer was more advanced at the time of diagnosis had the poorest survival rates .
those living in regional and remote areas of the state were about 20 per cent more likely to die during the study than those in urban areas .
although the study was not designed to determine why women living outside the city were more likely to die from ovarian cancer , dr jordan suggested delayed diagnosis and inability to access best treatment might be factors .
&quot; this disease is best treated by gynaecological oncology surgeons and they &apos;re mostly based in major cities , &quot; she said .
despite improving tele-medicine services to lessen the tyranny of distance , she suggested more fly-in , fly-out services to allow specialists to treat women closer to home and programs to support people in treatment away from their communities could help .
dr jordan said regardless of geographical status , the study found long-term survival among women with ovarian cancer was poor , reinforcing the need for better treatment and prevention strategies .
the research , funded by the rio tinto ride to conquer cancer , will be published today in the medical journal of australia .
in march 2012 , at 33 years of age , young gold coast mum elisha neave was told that she had an aggressive form of ovarian cancer .
garden centres rue fall in homeowners
the drop , coupled with a particular decline in the number of homeowners aged under 35 , could result in garden centres losing out on tens of millions of pounds a year when today &apos;s young consumers reach the &quot; core gardening age group , &quot; according to the hta &apos;s study , which was reported by the financial times .
according to the report , people renting properties spend an average of 55 per cent of the amount that those with their own homes spend on their gardens .
it cited the rise in people living in highly urbanised areas with no gardens , the popularity of paving over front gardens for parking and shrinking garden size as other factors threatening the industry , which is worth an estimated £ 5 billion in sales each year .
greater london , where home ownership has fallen from 61 per cent to 43 per cent in six years , has britain &apos;s lowest spend per household on gardening products .
the hta and royal horticultural society said that renting property or a lack of garden space did not mean people could not grow plants .
guy barter , chief horticultural adviser to the rhs , said : &quot; container gardening , for example , is especially popular with renters who can move their plants when they relocate . &quot;
the hta report identified the period between 1997 and 2005 as the garden retail sector &apos;s &apos; golden age &quot; as a result of increased home ownership and economic prosperity from the late 1980s to mid-1990s .
it also predicted an improved market this year due to better weather following unfavourable conditions in march and april last year .
in pakistan , the protest movement led by political opponent , imran khan , and the spiritual leader , tahirul qadri , continues .
in the capital city of islamabad , around 1000 demonstrators stormed the government-run television station , ptv .
however , information minister , pervaiz rashid , said that soldiers had been able to force the protesters back out of the building .
the tv station stopped broadcasting for approximately 40 minutes , but has since begun to broadcast again .
at the same time , around 3000 demonstrators attempted to reach the official residency of prime minister nawaz sharif .
approximately one kilometre away , they clashed with security security services , armed with sticks and stones .
the police used tear gas .
the demonstrators demanded sharif &apos;s resignation , which he refused .
the pakistan army called for a political solution to the conflict &quot; without delay and without resorting to violence . &quot;
following a meeting at its headquarters on sunday evening , the military announced : &quot; the army remains committed to its task of ensuring security for the state &quot; .
the military plays an important role in pakistan and has taken power by force several times in the past .
the opposition politician , imran khan , accuses prime minister sharif of rigging the parliamentary elections , which took place in may last year .
the protests escalated at the weekend , after khan and qadri called on their followers to advance to sharif &apos;s residence .
there were three people killed .
turkey summons us diplomat over spying report
the turkish foreign ministry has summoned the most senior u.s. diplomat in the country for clarification of a report about american and british spying in turkey .
deputy prime minister bulent said the u.s. charge d &apos;affaires and turkish officials had discussed the report monday .
german magazine der spiegel and the online magazine the intercept said that documents provided by former u.s. national security agency analyst edward snowden show that turkey was a high priority intelligence target for u.s. and british intelligence services .
according to turkish news wires , turkish president recep tayyip erdogan downplayed the importance of the report , saying that all major countries spied on each other .
an earlier report that germany &apos;s main intelligence agency had also targeted ankara drew a more angry response from the turkish government .
warning strike : train drivers threaten to strike , causing problems for commuters
the nationwide waning strike made by train drivers on monday evening could also have a negative impact on passenger services in nw .
the announced walkout will last for between 18 and 21 hours , will affect all transport companies across germany , including main-line rail , regional trains and city trains ,
the brunt of the strike will affect the transport of goods .
image : a. burgi / archive
according to the announcement made in düsseldorf by the district chairperson for the union of german train drivers ( gdl ) , sven schmitte .
we are expecting there to be a significant amount of cancellations .
we are not targeting any regions .
the brunt of the strike will affect the transport of goods .
deutsch bahn in nw has announced that they will do everything they can to ensure disruptions are kept to a minimum .
the gdl have not said , however , where they will strike , making it difficult to predict exactly what the consequences will be .
magaluf police chief charged over corruption
the claimants presented proof of extortion by policemen and calvià town hall civil servants at mallorca &apos;s public prosecutor &apos;s office on friday .
the head of calvià police on the holiday island of majorca has been arrested following corruption claims filed by businessmen and bar owners in the notorious binge drinking hotspot of magaluf .
chief inspector josé antonio navarro has been remanded in custody following corruption claims made against him by several businessmen from punta ballena , the street where most of magaluf &apos;s bars and nightclubs are located .
according to online daily mallorca diario , the claimants presented proof of extortion by policemen and calvià town hall civil servants at the office of majorca &apos;s anti-corruption prosecutor on friday .
two other local police officers were arrested by spanish civil guards in connection to the corruption claims and will have to be questioned by a judge alongside navarro .
spanish national daily abc reported the disgruntled nightclub owners as saying favouritism by authorities was having a serious effect on their businesses .
&quot; it &apos;s not about making money anymore , it &apos;s about surviving , &quot; one of the businessmen told the court .
you don &apos;t mess with our livelihoods .
we have nothing to lose .
magaluf made international headlines this summer as a result of a viral youtube video which showed an 18-year-old british holidaymaker performing fellatio on 24 men during a pub crawl .
island authorities have since attempted to clamp down on the drunk and disorderly behaviour of magaluf holiday revellers by minimizing numbers on the notorious alcohol-fuelled bar crawls .
in addition , the playhouse club where the fellatio incident took place was forced to shut down for a year , while playhouse and the bar crawl organizers carnage were jointly fined € 55,000 ( $ 73,000 ) .
the tourist resort of magaluf , mainly popular with young british holidaymakers , has also seen numerous alcohol-fuelled accidents involving the craze known as &quot; balconing , &quot; where people jump from one balcony to another or from a balcony into the hotel pool .
first day of spring marked with wet and blustery conditions impacting adelaide airport flights
spring has sprung a wintry surprise on southern south australia , bringing heavy showers and strong winds that have affected flights at adelaide airport .
a further 5mm of rain fell on the city in the evening up to 9pm , following the 6.6mm that fell overnight on sunday .
the latest rain came courtesy of a couple of short , blustery showers , including a burst that started just before 8pm that dumped almost 4mm in about 10 minutes .
after winter delivered an early dose of spring last week , temperatures dropped again on monday to a high of just 15.8c in the city .
the squally conditions are believed to have contributed to the delayed landing of a virgin airlines flight from melbourne to adelaide .
the plane was scheduled to land just after 7.30pm but was hit by windshear - a sudden change in wind speed or direction over a short distance - and was forced to pull out .
wind gusts were reaching about 50km / h on the ground at adelaide airport at the time .
flight data showed the plane had to pull out of second landing and the plane eventually touched down about 8.40pm.
that flight &apos;s delay caused the subsequent delay of a few other flights , including an emirates flight from dubai and a qantas flight from sydney .
a top of 16c is forecast for adelaide on tuesday , with the chance of a shower or two .
matthies thinks : high time for the internet of things
faced with runaway advances in consumer technology , which threaten to turn our homes into high-tech control rooms , our reporter , bernd matthies , takes heart from one electronic gadget that he really feels at home with .
as i write this , my eye catches the spiral cable , which connects the handset to the telephone , and i &apos;m thinking : wow ! how retro is that then ?
but it started me thinking : if the cable was not there , all the handsets would be lying scattered around the house in no time at all - and that would be even more retro .
in any case , in the elephantine ( elephantine ?
no - a typing error - electronics ) sector , the basic rule is that the latest wonder of today is electronic rubbish tomorrow - once bought , it &apos;s out of date .
and anyone , for example , who still has an old crt tv in their living room , is merely announcing to the world that they &apos;re not interested in tvs !
so why these thoughts ?
because the international consumer electronics fair ( ifa ) in berlin , once again showed us how incompetent we are when it comes to questions about technology .
the layman , who once knew , blind , how to operate a washing machine and a cd-player , is today faced with highfalutin expert talk about an array of gadgets , the purpose of which he doesn &apos;t even understand . &quot; connected home , wearables , health care and urban technologies , &quot; are what the press office promise us .
yes - and ?
what do you say to people , who clearly talk such guff voluntarily ?
really , they &apos;ve been trying to sell us the internet of things for our homes , for the last 20 years .
so that your yoghurt can place itself on your shopping list ; so that your fire-alarm can tell you - when you &apos;re lying on the beach in the maldives - that there &apos;s a fire in your study back home .
and wouldn &apos;t it be wonderful if we could set our home air-conditioning to switch on just before we get back from the office ... ?
yes - but that presupposes that you have an air-conditioner in the first place .
however , one dream really will come true very soon : we lift our wrist watches , and in a loud voice say &quot; vacuum ! &quot; - and at home the vacuum cleaner robot begins to hoover .
fantastic .
everything is geared to nothing less than a revolution : &quot; the boundary between white and brown goods is becoming blurred , &quot; mutters an industry insider . you can connect your washing machine to your headphone ; your steam oven can send you a weather report ; and your data-goggles can tell you how long your pizza still has to go in the oven - but that &apos;s of little use if you &apos;re sitting in a traffic jam .
from everyday experience , we also know : if you need a new model gadget to urgently work , the battery will almost certainly be empty .
which is another reason why the spiral cable on the telephone will out-live the next ifa exhibits in berlin .
israeli children return to school after gaza war
thousands of israeli children in areas near the gaza strip went back to school monday after spending the summer in bomb shelters as rockets and mortars rained on their communities during the 50-day israel-hamas war , while schools in gaza remained shuttered as the territory recovered from the fighting .
the start of school brought a sense of joy and excitement to rocket-scarred communities in southern israel , but the signs of the fighting remained fresh .
in the southern city of ashdod , employees at the &quot; pashosh &quot; kindergarten , which was struck by a rocket , removed shrapnel marks off the walls and slides ahead of the students &apos; arrival .
&quot; we are a little scared but we are excited , &quot; said ronit bart , a resident of kibbutz saad and an english teacher in its school .
a lot of children in our area really need to go back to a routine .
her 11-year-old daughter , shani bart , said it felt a &quot; little bit weird &quot; to suddenly be going back to school .
&quot; there were some difficult times and we didn &apos;t leave our houses at all , &quot; she said .
president reuven rivlin visited the kibbutz , which is located close to the gaza border , to offer his support .
until a cease-fire halted the war last week , thousands of residents of border communities like saad remained indoors or left their homes for safer areas further away from gaza to escape rocket and mortar fire .
many residents of nahal oz , a community close to the gaza frontier where a 4-year-old boy was killed by a palestinian mortar shell , are hesitant about coming back .
the education ministry said about a dozen families still had not returned .
their children have been placed in alternate schools for the time being .
prime minister benjamin netanyahu visited a school in sderot , a gaza border town that has been hard hit by palestinian fire .
he urged the children to study hard and said &quot; we will make sure to provide you with knowledge and provide you with security . &quot;
israel and hamas agreed to an open-ended truce last tuesday .
the cease-fire brought an immediate end to the fighting but left key issues unresolved , such as hamas &apos; demand for the lifting of an israel-egyptian blockade of gaza and the reopening of gaza &apos;s air and seaports .
israel wants hamas to disarm and the return of bodies of two israeli soldiers killed in the war .
a new round of indirect talks is expected to begin later this month in egypt .
the war killed more than 2,100 palestinians , three-quarters of whom were civilians and at least 494 children , according to palestinian and u.n. estimates .
israel disputes the figures and estimates that at least half of those killed were militants , though it has not provided firm evidence to back its claims .
on the israeli side , 66 soldiers and six civilians , including a thai worker , were killed .
hamas and other gaza militants fired 4,591 rockets and mortars at israeli cities during the fighting , mostly in the south .
the israeli military , meanwhile , carried out more than 5,000 airstrikes and other attacks .
the israeli attacks damaged or destroyed thousands of homes in gaza , and an estimated 250,000 people took refuge in more than 100 u.n. schools turned into makeshift shelters .
with tens of thousands of people still in the shelters and fighting still raging , education officials delayed the start of the school year last week .
&quot; i hope the school will open soon to complete our education , just like the world &apos;s children and jewish children , &quot; said mohammad amara , a 13-year-old boy staying in a gaza city school .
following the election in saxony : cdu vice-chairman strobl questions npd-banning process
in view of the loss of votes by the german right-wing extremist party , npd , in saxony , the national cdu-vice-chairman , thomas strobl , has called for an end of the on-going npd-banning process , which is taking place in the german federal constitutional court .
berlin - according to cdu national vice-chairman , thomas strobl , the current trial taking place in the german federal constitutional court to decide whether to ban the npd from the political process , should be brought to an end .
according to the &quot; leipziger volkszeitung , &quot; the npd performed worse than last time , &quot; said strobl , who is also cdu regional boss in baden-württemberg .
that is a good development , one that should make us happy , and this trend leads me to think that we should fight the npd in the ballot box , and not in the constitutional court .
on sunday , the npd narrowly missed achieving the five percent barrier , which would have seen it enter parliament .
a first attempt at securing a ban of the right-wing extremist party failed in 2003 , because the federal office for the protection of the constitution also had informants in the top echelons of the npd .
in december 2013 the bundesrat submitted a further banning action to the constitutional court , which is based in karlsruhe , after spending a long time preparing the case .
the german government and bundestag did not take part in the banning submission .
harburg : tents for new refugees
refugees at neuländer platz will now be accommodated in tents .
the reception centre for refugees in harburg is full-to-bursting .
the german internal affairs authority has now given the go-ahead for the red cross to erect the three tents .
the local area politicians were only informed about it a short while before - and they are not happy .
&quot; these one-off actions only stir up more doubts in the minds of the public , and they give the local politicians no chance to work out a constructive plan of how to house refugees in a humane manner , &quot; said , for example , britta herrmann , chairwoman of the green party in the harburg district assembly .
her party is calling on the harburg district authority to deploy empty houses to accommodate the refugees .
96 refugees can be accommodated in the three tents .
the reasons for the over-crowding in the initial reception centres are mainly the sudden increase in numbers of those seeking help , as well as the fact that the authorities cannot make available enough places in suitable accommodation .
many refugees therefore stay longer than the regular three months .
housing prices have posted their strongest winter gain in seven years , according to a widely-watched gauge .
the rp data corelogic hedonic home value index of australian capital city dwelling prices rose by 1.1 per cent in august , rp data said on monday .
the rise brought the total gain over the june , july and august to 4.2 per cent , the biggest rise over the winter months since 2007 .
annual growth in prices came in at 10.9 per cent , more than double the gain of the 12 months to august 2013 , but the gains were not evenly spread across the country .
rp data research director tim lawless said sydney and melbourne are driving a two tier market .
the rp data figures show sydney home prices rose by 16.1 per cent in the past year , while melbourne &apos;s were up by 11.7 per cent .
the next strongest markets were adelaide , brisbane and darwin , with price rises averaging between five and six per cent .
at the other end of the scale was canberra , hit by government spending cutbacks , where prices rose by only 1.4 per cent through the year .
mr lawless said that now spring has begun there would be a rise in listings of properties for sale over the coming few months , which would be a &quot; real test &quot; for the market .
&quot; considering the ongoing high rate of auction clearance rates , a generally rapid rate of sale and the ongoing low interest rate environment , it &apos;s likely that dwelling values will rise even further over the next three months , &quot; he said .
in an announcement to the regional german newspaper &apos; die neue presse &apos; pötzl contradicted the comments of managing director , peer medau , and said that the latter was behaving like a &quot; military general . &quot;
this was not the style of the college , he said .
he said that the medau family &quot; were informed about the plans of the college in the middle of june .
they are simply wrong to say that they only learned of the plans in july &quot; .
at the same time he also said that the plans were not about &quot; final decisions already made , &quot; but rather about &quot; stating preferences &quot; .
he also said that the building work to widen the narrow access road up to the castle would not be as radical as the medaus feared .
it was not - and will not be - a matter of a nine metre-wide road .
we currently aim to widen it by 5.5 metres , which is one metre wider than before , &quot; explained pötzl .
pötzl refutes the argument of the medau concern , namely that its cost-free parking places which belong to the school , will in future only be available for use by the college students .
it won &apos;t be a case of everywhere being parked up , because we have time to find intelligent solutions , as has been the case with other car parks , too .
think of the neighbours
the children &apos;s nursery bergwichtel , which is situated on the space in question , and in front of the front door of which the access road to the parking level will run , is &quot; not to be impacted &quot; according to the college president .
he is far more concerned to point out &quot; that it &apos;s not only an issue concerning the children &apos;s nursery , rather it is about the people who live by the entrance to friedrich-streib-strasse and the 800 schoolchildren of the adjacent secondary school .
it &apos;s therefore about a lot more than the individual interests of the medau gentlemen , &quot; he said .
whether the criticism by the parents &apos; association for the children &apos;s nursery is correct that the extension of the road will lead to &quot; one of the few remaining natural spaces in coburg being lost , &quot; he said the &quot; readers can decide for themselves . &quot;
at the beginning of october , pötzl , together with the bamberg regional building authority , plans to present his plans of development of the college up to 2020 &quot; and to talk about the importance of the extension work in this context . &quot;
peer medau informed the parents of the children &apos;s nursery about the plans , last week .
accordingly , the access for the new parking level will not now lead , as before , via the campus and friedrich-streib-strasse , but rather via the medau-berg .
thus , the narrow road must be widened into two lanes over a stretch of about one kilometre .
according to higher estimates of the medaus , the traffic in the hohenfels castle park would increase ten-fold .
they are talking of 2000 vehicles every day .
meanwhile , the town council refused to comment .
glandorf retires from german national handball team
holger glandorf will no longer play for the german national team .
the 31 year-old from german bundesliga side sg flensburg-handewitt said that it was mainly for health reasons that he had reached this decision .
&quot; it was not an easy decision to make , but i &apos;ve been thinking about it for months .
the time has come to listen to the signals my body sends and to end my national team career , &quot; announced the 2007 world cup winner on his facebook-page .
he retires from international competition with a record of 167 national games and 576 goals for germany .
the powerful-throwing right-back wants to continue for the next few years to shoot goals for the champions-league winners from flensburg , and will therefore not be available for selection by new german national team head coach , dagur sigurdsson .
glandorf said he had had a &quot; nice long talk &quot; with the icelander , who will select his squad on tuesday for the games against switzerland .
his ideas and approach to the game have always inspired me , as i am sure they will also inspire my long-term teammates and my successors , too .
&quot; i would like to represent my club in the next few years and i need longer breaks and more recovery time to do so , and the double burden of also playing for the national team wouldn`t allow me to do that . &quot;
the left-hander feared his career might end in 2012 when he had a heel infection .
due to achilles tendon problems he was given a cortisone injection by doctors working with the german handball association , and this caused severe swelling of his foot .
he needed an emergency operation and two further surgeries as well .
glandorf then brought a legal action against the team doctor ; however , this ended in a settlement .
twelve years as a professional and eleven years with the national team would take their toll on any player .
&quot; i have some health issues i can &apos;t ignore anymore .
after three foot-surgeries within a short period of time in 2012 , caused by infections , i have never been able to control my blood pressure .
i &apos;ve also got some other minor issues related - wear and tear .
at the beginning of the year i realized that i was able to control my head , but i couldn`t play tricks with my body , &quot; he explained in an interview with german magazine handball time .
he would only consider a comeback if really necessary .
&quot; if we are in real big trouble , then i might consider it , &quot; the two-time father told the magazine .
&quot; but i can count the years i will continue to play handball with one hand .
and i have to admit that i have become really humble after my long stay in the hospital in 2012 , when it comes to my health .
after my career i would like to walk straight , to be honest . &quot;
besides the 2007 world championship he also won the champions league in may and the ehf-cup in 2008 ( hsg nordhorn ) and 2010 ( tbv lemgo ) .
he also won the cup winners cup with flensburg in 2012 .
german economy as shrunk by 0.2 percent in spring
the crises around the globe have put a curb on the german economy in the the second quarter .
the gross domestic product sank from april to the end of june 2014 by 0.2 percent in comparison with the previous quarter .
this was announced by the german office for national statistics , which thereby confirmed previous estimates .
consumption alone was a spur to the economy in the early part of the year , whilst investments were down .
foreign goods trade had slowed , too .
due to the strong start to the year , figures for first half-year gdp were up 0.8 percent from the second quarter of 2013 .
horstmar was the starting point and the destination of &quot; münsterland-mooiste &quot; , which lead through the city on sunday .
the city of horstmar experienced an invasion of dutch &quot; fietzen riders &quot; on sunday .
the largest cycling federation in holland , ntfu , staged the so-called &quot; münsterlande-mooiste &quot; .
in other words , the largest bike ride straight through münsterland , a bike rider &apos;s paradise close to holland .
by registering , more than 1000 participants thanked jos ter huerne for having organized this tour through münsterland .
the tour was advertised in several professional journals , and offered to those interested .
we are from den helder , and drove here over night so we could take part in the tour .
we would also like to get know münsterland a bit better in the same way &quot; , the cyclists eagerly said , looking forward to the route through steinfurt , borken and coesfeld .
after registering at the fraternity &apos;s club house , sta .
katharina started off with a small &quot; peace ride &quot; through the city and over the embankment , which is also where the start line was .
then , the route , which was advertised in three different categories , headed in the direction of herrenholz via schöppinger berg towards coesfeld , passing by havixbeck and billerbeck , and then back to horstmar .
the riders prove just how good a shape they are in : stretches of 95 kilometers at an altitude of 1175 meters , 120 kilometers with an altitude of 1475 meters , and 145 kilometers with an altitude of 1775 meters .
they were fed and watered on their way back in havixbeck and billerbeck .
chief organizer , jos ter huerne , and deputy mayor , heinz lölfing seemed to be very pleased with the success of this cycling event .
we are happy , and it was a wonderful experience for all participants .
the organization went smoothly , with no issues , and there were no nasty incidents &quot; , heinz lölfing positively concluded with regard to the event .
unfortunately , there were not as many participants as the organizer had hoped for , which is presumably because of the bad weather forecast and the morning rain .
&quot; we shall see each other in 2015 , hopefully with nice weather , on either 30 august , or on another weekend &quot; , the riders promised , but whatever the weather , they will return to münsterland , and the organizers will plan a repeat .
konstantin wecker - scrupulously honest memoirs
the 287-page &quot; monk and warrior &quot; by konstantin wecker , song writer , pacifist , political activist and ex-prisoner , is really more a statement of philosophy than it is a biography
composed more as a collection of thought-provoking ideas rather than a chronological history , the author , who was born in munich on 1 june 1947 , has provided every chapter with an accompanying suitable song-text .
and he has been unstintingly honest throughout : from masturbating as a grammar school pupil to shoplifting and drug-taking , he has left none of his human weaknesses untold .
and this was also a means to explain why he is now come to be so tolerant towards his fellow man .
as a result , abstract concepts , which he liberally uses throughout the text , take on a clearer , more important meaning : love ; soul ; ego ; existing in the here and now ; spirituality - he seeks to understand the essential meaning of these concepts , in a highly philosophical , but also very personal way .
and he explains why he is pacifist ; what lies behind his criticism of society ; his political heart and soul ; and also how his thoughts and ideas have been shaped and moulded - not only by music ( he was an opera lover who became a soul and rock musician ) but by his prison experience , too .
he says that the latter experience gave him a closer understanding of the life of the monks , who live their lives by a process of &quot; subtraction &quot; whereby they &quot; rid themselves of all things superfluous . &quot;
in-between all the highbrow stuff , there are also short anecdotes of a more earthy nature - for example , fist-fights in a bar frequented by gis , or else a crazy drive on the motorway , in which he drove full-on straight into a tree .
and he &apos;s unsparing also , as he describes that too .
lenny henry : my father never hugged me .
never said &quot; i love you &quot;
henry was one of seven children born to jamaican immigrants in dudley in the midlands in 1958 .
his father , who died when henry was 19 , worked in a factory and their relationship was limited .
henry is rehearsing a comedy , rudy &apos;s rare records , which is based in part on an imaginary conversation with his father and has grown out of the radio 4 series .
the soundtrack is a mix of reggae and rap and the tunes are upbeat .
but henry has had to work through some difficult memories of childhood .
there was &quot; a lot &quot; of therapy after his mother died and henry is reflective about his relationship with his father .
he was very unknowable .
you never saw his face , you just heard his voice : &apos; stop the noise .
leave your sister alone .
move !
i want to watch the cricket .
my older brothers seymour and hilton - who were grown-up when i was a kid - went to the pub with him and talked about things like the shape of the beer glass , the beauty of the stroke in cricket .
i never had a conversation with him like that .
he was this unsmiling bloke in the corner , reading the paper for a lot of my life .
recently henry opened a foundry in dudley and , although conditions were better than in his father &apos;s day , he got a snapshot of what life must have been like for him .
it &apos;s a bit brighter now but they &apos;re dark , smoky , stygian labyrinthine depths with bursts of flame and smoke and lots of soot .
my dad used to get in the bath and just lie there and you &apos;d hear him slowly start to sing to himself because he would wash the foundry off him .
when i walked round it , i realised that he had done that for years and years to put food on the table , and my estimation of him went up .
none the less , henry emerged from a childhood stripped of parental affection .
my dad never did hugging , never said , &apos; i love you &apos; .
it wasn &apos;t until my mum was poorly near the end of her life that we started saying &apos; i love you , i love you , i love you .
having a daughter of his own , billie , with dawn french , enabled him to share the love he missed as a child .
could you stop with the &quot; i love you &quot; ?
just stop hugging me !
dad , i &apos;m 22 !
with dawn french .
why wouldn &apos;t i be friends with her ?
she &apos;s a great mum
he &apos;s still very good friends with french , to whom he was married for 25 years .
dawn &apos;s a good person .
why wouldn &apos;t i be friends with dawn ?
she &apos;s a great mum .
henry &apos;s own mother was diabetic .
it was one of the things that killed her .
so when i became very , very overweight and started getting diabetic symptoms , my doctor said , &apos; you &apos;ve got to be radical .
so i went on a big fitness thing , and i also had to go on a drastic diet to reverse the symptoms .
it &apos;s very hard .
and it &apos;s tedious .
nobody likes eating carrots .
henry &apos;s change in career trajectory is , perhaps , reflected in his distinguished , close-cropped beard .
since he won critical acclaim for his othello , he has become engrossed in the theatre .
comedy of errors followed , as did fences by august wilson .
it &apos;s a different experience from the sitcoms and comedies that have upholstered his busy working life .
he started out when he was just 16 and working at a factory .
a dj spotted him on stage doing impressions and wrote to new faces about him .
his tv career was launched in the mid-seventies : &quot; for quite a long time i was the only black impressionist / comedian on telly . &quot;
he learnt on the job .
not only did i have to grow up in the public eye , i had to learn how to be an efficient joke-delivering mechanism between 1975 and 1985 , whilst being a star , being on television and it was really difficult .
lenny on new faces in 1975
because his manager owned the stage rights to the black and white minstrel show , a light entertainment programme in which people &quot; blacked up , &quot; henry found himself performing his comedy in it for five years .
my family were very uncomfortable about it .
i sort of wish it had never happened , but i don &apos;t regret that i did it .
although it was a weird , reprehensible position to be in , i was working in huge venues and learning how to work a crowd .
but what was an &quot; award-winning light entertainment staple of british television for years and years &quot; was also a &quot; grotesque parody of black people . &quot;
introducing characters who both lampooned and celebrated black british culture , henry worked on the alternative comedy circuit in the eighties .
the first series of the lenny henry show aired in 1984 , and in the nineties he was known as , among other things , chef gareth blacklock in the comedy series chef ! .
advertisements , documentaries , tv series and parts in films consumed his next decade but after his 2008 bbc series , lennyhenry.tv , he thought : &quot; what are you going to do next , len , because it all feels a bit like you &apos;re marking time or you &apos;re slightly going sideways . &quot;
what came next was a radio 4 documentary series called what &apos;s so great about ... ?
the first was on shakespeare .
i had a real allergy to shakespeare .
i wasn &apos;t really taught it at school properly and thought it was very much the reserve of middle-class white people with tights and a cabbage down the front .
so i was very frightened of it .
everybody we interviewed on that show , peter hall , trevor nunn , adrian lester , judi dench , said , &apos; you should try it .
don &apos;t slag it off if you don &apos;t know what you &apos;re talking about .
get some of the words in your mouth and then you &apos;ll understand why we all love shakespeare so much .
henry delivered 20 lines of othello &apos;s last speech for the documentary and he was hooked .
it gave me the feeling that i could do it .
it &apos;s almost like i had my head put on straight for me .
&apos;this is what it &apos;s about , it &apos;s a serious thing , take it seriously , learn your lines , do some research .
so the rehearsal process was brutal and i was reading that play for months and months before we did it .
and it was a success .
they seemed to expect a car crash and it didn &apos;t quite happen .
soon he was starring in comedy of errors .
suddenly i &apos;m at the national theatre and i just couldn &apos;t quite believe it .
there was one moment where i thought , &apos; oh , you &apos;ve changed . &quot; &quot;
there was a technical fault and henry instinctively felt that it was his job to keep the audience entertained .
&quot; a little voice inside me said , &apos; you &apos;re going to have to do 10 minutes while they fix the computer . &quot; &quot;
instead , the stage manager announced the performance would resume as soon as the problem was resolved .
i walked off the stage and something in me went , &quot; oh , thank god &quot; .
it &apos;s not my responsibility .
i can let somebody else sort it out .
&apos;you &apos;re in a play , stay in character . &quot; &quot;
henry appearing in fences at the duchess theatre
learning his lines for fences was challenging .
panic &apos;s quite good , it stiffens the sinews .
that was well received too , so it &apos;s like a big sign from the gods , saying , &apos; this is what you should be doing . &quot; &quot;
he says this , of course , in a booming voice .
so i &apos;m sticking with it .
i &apos;m really loving it .
i love being in a rehearsal room .
henry still has a comedian &apos;s brain , though - throughout , our conversation is broken with flashes of his humour as he slips in and out of impressions .
i &apos;m just choosing not to do stand-up because that thing of getting instant gratification from a room full of strangers i guess is kind of dangerous .
if you &apos;re constantly seeking that it can lead to a brick wall .
i do live at the apollo sometimes when i want to , but generally it doesn &apos;t float my boat like it used to .
i ask whether he &apos;ll ever do another stand-up tour .
the joy of sitting in a room with a director who is helping to shape a beginning , middle and end of a journey - i don &apos;t think i &apos;ll ever want to give that up .
so this is his new incarnation ?
i think so .
i like being an actor .
it &apos;s good fun .
you &apos;re always telling a story and that &apos;s a great place to be .
i love stories .
people love stories .
houthi rebels block roads in yemeni capital
in the conflict between the shiite houthi rebels and the yemen government , the houthis have called for civil disobedience in the capital , sanaa .
houthi supporters had occupied central roads in sanaa on monday , said a spokesman of the houthi party &quot; ansar allah . &quot;
access to the parliament was blocked as well .
yemeni media report that there is traffic chaos in the capital .
according to a report in the on-line edition of the newspaper &quot; yemen post &quot; houthi leader abdulmalik al-huthi called for these actions on sunday evening .
the report said that huthi threatened further escalation of the conflict , should his demands not be met .
the shiite houthis are fighting for more independence fro the sunni-ruled yemen , and are demanding that the government resign .
according to the report , houthi tribes have been besieging the yemeni capital for almost two weeks .
around 30,000 rebels had set up protest camps on the major access routes to sanaa .
in the surrounding areas of the town , bloody clashes with the yemeni army have continued unabated .
kenya registers civil servants to target &apos; ghost workers&apos;
kenya has started biometrically registering all civil servants in an attempt to remove &quot; ghost workers &quot; from the government &apos;s payroll .
employees who failed to register over the next two weeks would no longer be paid , a government statement said .
the government suspects that thousands of people continue to receive salaries after leaving the civil service .
president uhuru kenyatta pledged to curb corruption in the public service after taking office in 2013 .
an audit earlier this year found that at least $ 1m ( £ 700,000 ) a month was lost in payments to &quot; ghost workers &quot; and other financial malpractice .
the government suspects that salaries continue to be deposited into bank accounts , even after a person dies or leaves the public service , reports the bbc &apos;s wanyama chebusiri from the capital , nairobi .
all public servants are required to present themselves over the next two weeks at identification centres to ensure their data is captured through the biometric registration exercise , a government statement said .
anyone who failed to do so without a valid excuse would be eliminated from the payroll , it said .
&quot; this exercise will contribute significantly to the rationalization of the public service by determining the actual numbers of public servants and will also be used to cleanse the payroll at both levels of government- hence bring a stop to the issue of &apos; ghost workers &apos; , &quot; said anne waiguru , the cabinet secretary in the ministry of devolution and planning .
the scandal surrounding arts advisor , helge achenbach , will be heard for the first time in court on 11 november .
five heirs of berthold albrecht , the son of the founder of aldi , theo albrecht , are suing achenbach and two of his companies , who are in the process of declaring themselves bankrupt , for 19.4 million euros compensation in a civil case brought before the düsseldorf district court .
the news was announced by a court spokeswoman on monday .
according to the statement of claim , when purchasing the works of art and antique cars , achenbach conned them , and invoiced berthold albrecht for more than the actual sales price .
in so doing , the agreed commission also turned out to be more .
achenbach purchased valuables for albrecht for 121 million euros .
children need roots and wings
he was a school teacher for 44 years , 23 of which he was the principal .
during his teaching time , manfred richter got to know many schoolchildren who are now fully-grown adults living in petershausen and kollbach .
his methods were sometimes unconventional , but they were always based on his desire to see the adult in the child .
mount sněžka is one of the best-known peaks in the czech giant mountains .
manfred richter loves this painting of a picture from his childhood home .
richter was born in 1930 in trautenau / nordböhmen , today &apos;s trutnov .
he was interested in becoming a teacher as early as the age of 14 , after he had been a secondary school pupil for four years .
one year later the germans living in the sudetenland were dispossessed .
within half an hour , the family had to leave their home .
after a few months spent in a holding camp , they moved to bavaria in 1946 - in a goods train .
that was how he came to live in senkendorf , in upper franconia .
the teacher training course was in bamberg .
in order to get to the school , manfred richter had to go six times per week on foot to the nearest train station ; take the train to bamberg ; from there walk three kilometres right across the town to the school ; and then make the return journey home .
after two months . manfred richter was given a bed to sleep at the red cross home in bamberg , in a sleeping quarter that he shared with 15 fellow students .
in 1951 , he took his first state exam , and his second in 1954 , after spending three further years as a teaching candidate .
since upper franconia had no free teaching place for him , he applied to upper bavaria and received a post on 1 november 1954 at a school in kollbach .
the &quot; young women &apos;s room &quot; was his first &quot; service flat &quot; in the school building .
in 1958 , he moved into the new-build teacher accommodation next door to the school , into a three-room service flat .
manfred richter bought this house in 1980 , after the school in kollbach was closed in 1968 .
until then , the school district association of petershausen-kollbach had three classes in kollbach and five in petershausen .
in the school year of 1968 / 69 , these classes were accommodated in petershausen , in today &apos;s town hall .
when the indersdorf schools association was founded , the only school left in the locality was the primary school .
in order to avoid a deranking of position in the now smaller school , the then dean , georg sigl decided to move to karlsfeld - and manfred richter became his successor .
however , petershausen continued to grow , and so the children and their teachers , from september 1982 onwards , could move into the present-day building , which has since been extended , after richter took his retirement .
manfred richter praises the uncomplicated manner and spirit of generosity of the then mayor , ludwig götz , who was able to secure municipal funds to build an additional work-room and extra rooms in the cellar as part of the 1997 extensions - although the council guidelines governing school-building work did not allow subsidies to be used to pay for this work .
&quot; mayor götz was a great friend of the school , &quot; recalls richter , with gratitude .
throughout his whole career , manfred richter never forgot a reply given in a speech by a government representative , in answer to a presentation given by the schools council on law and justice : &quot; one should never forget to love &quot; . manfred richter duly implemented what he had heard as a young teacher .
&quot; one has to give children two things : roots and wings , &quot; says the 84 year-old .
but experience has also taught him that : &quot; one doesn &apos;t always achieve that . &quot; whether by that he means his pupils or his own six children , is unclear .
in any case , richter &apos;s methods were at times unconventional .
if school children got into fights , they were not given punishments like , for example , writing out lines or serving a detention .
at the cost of the council , richter bought two pairs of boxing gloves , and then let the two antagonists fight it out , even if this did occasionally produce a black-eye .
for the benefit of the school , richter nurtured a good relationship with the then mayor , ludwig götz ( csu ) .
following his retirement , richter , who had no political allegiances , was encouraged by the mayor to run for election onto the local council as a candidate for the csu in 1996 .
however , richter finished in sixth and joined the csu .
180 kilometres in three days
hr4-cycle tour 700 cyclists are taking a breather in the health resort of bad salzhausen and schotten
there is nothing particular out of the ordinary about touring cyclists take a rest in bad salzhausen or in schotten .
however , on friday , the sheer numbers of those resting up was striking : the 700 participants of the hr4 cycle tour , together with their entourages , were all enjoying a break in the lower resort of bad salzhausen , and they would later be attending an open air party in the alteburgpark in schotten , too .
under the logo &quot; cycling and celebrating along the newly-discovered routes between nidda and kinzig , &quot; the participants had met up on thursday in bad vilbel and had listened to a concert there by van baker &amp; band .
on friday it was down to business : the riders set out to attack the first stage - 60 kilometres via florstadt to bad salzhausen and then further on to schotten .
in bad salzhausen , the sportsmen-and-women were greeted by mayor hans-peter seum , who had ridden off the start-line in bad vilbel on his own bike , and the boss of the municipal company bad salzhausen , petra schwing-döring .
all sorts of food and drink had been prepared , to refresh body and mind : the local women from ranstadt and nieder-mockstadt had baked 85 apple- , plum- and cheesecakes - as well as streusel cake which the intrepid riders let melt in their mouths .
&quot; such cakes only the local women can make , &quot; praised the rider from aulendiebach , at the same time as he ordered another slice .
at the drinks stand of the geiß-nidda gymnasium club , the riders could acquire cold drinks .
the &quot; duo bravo &quot; entertained the visitors with well-known melodies from operettas and musicals and reaped enthusiastic applause .
the lovely atmosphere in the park had a relaxing effect .
one gentleman even received a head-massage from his lady partner : &quot; he certainly earned it - after all , he had to fix a bicycle chain that had come off , earlier in the day . &quot;
meanwhile , the mayor and the company boss still had work to do : they were interviewed at the fountain in front of the watering-hole inn , the trinkkurhaus , by reporter , rainer janke , and took their radio opportunity to give a big thumbs up for bad salzhausen .
even head of promotions , tobias hagen , who had worked as tour head since it first started in 2004 , could only get a short rest , as he had a lot of work to do involving the local technology .
his pick-up truck , in which he used three telephones and a radio to communicate with his colleagues and a 15-strong hessen police team ; made facebook entries and also wrote his reports , also needed a check .
&quot; the majority of riders come from the rhein-main-region , &quot; he explained , &quot; but riders have also come from gießen and fulda , from lauterbach or from the taunus and even from many towns in westfalia .
the number of participants depends a little on the number of places where they can stay .
category 1 riders are accommodated in hotels , with category 2 riders being put up in hostel-style lodging .
as the riders set out again on the road , they had a good impression and happy memories of the resort : &quot; bye ! &quot;
&quot; it was very nice in bad salzhausen ! &quot; they shouted , as they waved goodbye .
after arriving in schotten , the group could take a short rest .
but then in the evening , the riders were requested to go to the idyllic alteburgpark .
under the guidance of manager of the schotten association for tourism and town marketing ( gts ) the park had acquired a lovely festive ambience and , of course , there were plenty of nice nibbles , such as flammkuchen with well-chilled federweißer wine , too .
mayoress susanne schaab , gts-boss , markus hoßfeld and msc-chairman , wolfgang wagner-sachs , in his capacity as board member of the hessen-thüringen section of the adac welcomed the visitors .
the three were visibly delighted by the &quot; roaring trade in schotten . &quot;
dj tobias hagen opened the dancing stage .
the cyclists were happy to have the chance to show off their dancing movements in the open air - despite their sporting feats on their bicycles earlier in the day .
the appeared among the guests an increasing number of local people , who were as attracted by the pleasant atmosphere as much as the mass crowd of riders .
on the second day of the tour program , the riders would call at the stopping points of birstein ; wächtersbach ; and bad orb - including a concert with the trenkwaldern .
yesterday , after 180 kilometres of cycling , the sportsmen-and-women arrived back in bad vilbel once again .
tens of turkish policemen arrested over &apos; plotting &apos; against gov &apos;t
a total of 33 police officers have been detained in turkey on suspicions of &apos; plotting against the government &apos; , local media outlets say .
police officials have not immediately commented .
among the detainees were 14 high-ranking officers , according to hurriyet daily news .
some of them were involved in last december &apos;s corruption probes targeting government officials , including four government ministers .
in july a number of turkish policemen were arrested for allegedly having set up an organized criminal gang and having tapped phone number .
turkish president recep tayyip erdogan ( who was prime minister back then ) described their actions as part of activity conducted by islamist cleric fethullah gullen against him and others in power .
not all children back to school in ukraine
schools across most of ukraine reopened their doors on monday ( september 1 ) , after the summer holidays .
the day is traditionally a big one for families , and like thousands of other ukrainian parents , prime minister arseny yatsenyuk took his daughter to school .
while there , he told waiting journalists that not all schools had reopened , but that he was committed to defending the country for future generations :
the first of september ceremony was not held in every school .
there is not a peaceful sky over every part of ukraine .
we must fight for a peaceful sky .
the whole of ukraine , a huge joint ukrainian &apos;s people &apos;s front , must fight for a peaceful sky .
aleksan pastukhov , the head teacher of slaviansk school , attended by yatsenyuk &apos;s daughter , spoke in russian .
we hope that peace will finally be established here and that children will receive knowledge that will be useful in their future lives .
the first day back at school is traditionally celebrated by children wearing embroidered shirts , carrying balloons and giving flowers to their teachers .
in rona fairhead , the bbc may have found the formidable chief it needs
she comes trailing clouds of glory from the world of banking , media management and the inner conclaves of the tory party .
indeed , she has had frontline experience of her own .
her career began at global management consultants bain and co , then progressed via morgan stanley , bombadier , ici and the media world of pearsons .
she was chief executive of the financial times for seven years , resigning when the top job at its parent company pearson &apos;s went to a junior male colleague .
her pay-off is said to be close to £ 1 million .
her political rating is sturdy , too .
she was recommended to david cameron by lord browne , the former head of bp , when he was looking to bring private expertise into whitehall : she became a cabinet office adviser .
her husband is a former tory councillor .
back in may , i described the chairman &apos;s job as a poisoned chalice .
not only is the bbc a vast and complex entity at the heart of public life , but there is an inner paradox to its structure .
the trust faces in two directions : inwards as the upper tier of the bbc &apos;s own management hierarchy , but also outwards as the voice of public concern and disquiet when things go awry .
this is an almost untenable duopoly calling for complete root-and-branch reform .
but what incoming chairman would risk coming in , crashing around and dismantling an institution as complex as a chinese dynasty in case they put themselves out of a job in the process .
it &apos;s a difficult call .
if that weren &apos;t tough enough , plenty of people are keen to see the bbc cut down in size - its power , its finances and its status overhauled .
as competitors circle ever closer and new technology challenges cosy old certainties , the imminent negotiation of the licence fee is fraught with especial danger for the bbc .
for the modest sum of £ 145.50 a year , the british public buys into what is surely the greatest media enterprise in the world .
the bbc tells a good story : it claims that its output reaches 96 per cent of households , and costs each one of them just 40p a day .
what &apos;s more , apparently the beeb &apos;s popularity is rising : 53 per cent support today as against 31 per cent 10 years ago .
patterns of watching and using the bbc have changed : i receive news headlines on my mobile phone these days , and catch up on missed programmes with iplayer .
but it remains a much-loved and formidable institution .
it needs a formidable chairman - i hope it has found one .
texas &apos; perry says disparaging tweet unauthorized
a tweet from republican texas gov. rick perry &apos;s verified account on sunday night included a disparaging image of the democratic district attorney who is at the center of his criminal indictment on charges of abuse of power .
the tweet was later deleted , followed by another from perry &apos;s account that disavowed the post .
a tweet just went out from my account that was unauthorized .
&quot; i do not condone the tweet and i have taken it down , &quot; the later post said .
perry aides did not immediately return messages seeking comment .
although the tweets were sent from perry &apos;s verified account , it was unclear who does the actual posting for the feed .
the earlier tweet posted an unflattering mock image of travis county district attorney rosemary lehmberg , who was convicted of drunken driving in april 2013 .
perry vetoed funds to her office when she refused to resign , which led to a grand jury in austin this month indicting perry - who is a potential 2016 presidential candidate .
the caption on the tweet reads : &quot; i don &apos;t always drive drunk at 3x the legal blood alcohol limit ... but when i do , i indict gov. perry for calling me out about it . &quot;
i am the most drunk democrat in texas .
lehmberg &apos;s office did not lead the grand jury investigation against perry .
it was handled by michael mccrum , a san antonio-based special prosecutor who was assigned by a republican judge .
perry has pleaded not guilty and called the charges a political ploy .
his high-powered legal team has asked the judge overseeing the case to dismiss the indictment , claiming that the law being used to prosecute the longest-serving governor in texas history is unconstitutionally vague .
perry cut off $ 7.5 million in state funds to the state &apos;s public integrity unit - which is based in travis county and prosecutes public corruption in texas - when lehmberg refused to resign .
that veto drew a formal complaint from a left-leaning watchdog group .
perry &apos;s verified account is updated frequently - and sometimes famously .
after finishing in fifth place in the iowa caucuses during his 2012 presidential campaign , perry addressed speculation that he might call it quits with a tweet of a photo of himself jogging near a lake , and the words , &quot; here we come south carolina ! &quot;
berkeley says housing market back to &quot; normal &quot;
one of london &apos;s most prominent property developers has warned that the housing market in southeast england has &quot; reverted &quot; to normal levels of activity .
homes in the capital have been the subject of red-hot demand and surging prices , with widespread fears of a credit bubble prompting the bank of england to impose limits on mortgage borrowing in june .
tony pidgley , founder and chairman of upmarket housebuilder berkeley , on monday said : &quot; since the start of the current financial year , the market has reverted to normal transaction levels from the high point in 2013 , &quot; adding that this offered a &quot; stable operating environment . &quot;
london &apos;s property market fared well during the downturn as foreign buyers piled into the capital .
prices in the city have leapt 18.5 per cent in the past year alone , according to land registry data , far outstripping the 6.7 per cent average for england and wales as a whole .
average selling prices on berkeley &apos;s private , affordable and student schemes have risen by about a fifth in the past year , reaching £ 423,000 at the end of april .
however , a strengthening pound has in recent months made london property less attractive to foreign buyers - some of whom have also been deterred by the introduction of new property taxes and political rhetoric around a potential &quot; mansion tax &quot; ahead of the general election next may .
london estate agent foxtons last week warned that april &apos;s mortgage market review , which introduced tougher lending rules , would also spark lower rates of market growth in both property sales transactions and prices during the second half of the year .
fresh data from the bank of england on monday showed a drop in the number of mortgage approvals in july , further suggesting the housing market is cooling .
hamptons international , another estate agent , has cut its 2015 forecast for london property price growth to 3 per cent on the basis that house price sentiment is already starting to weaken .
transaction volumes have meanwhile dropped by a quarter year on year in london &apos;s most expensive postcodes , such as chelsea , mayfair and kensington , according to agent wa ellis .
still , appetite for homes in the capital has been a boon to berkeley , pushing up cash due on forward sales to more than £ 2.2bn.
mr pidgley added : &quot; demand for the right product with good design in the best locations has remained resilient and , reflecting this , forward sales have been maintained . &quot;
in june the company reported it had sold 3,742 new homes in the year to the end of april - almost a third more than the pre-crisis peak in 2007 .
annual pre-tax profits rose 40 per cent year on year to £ 380m , on revenues up 18 per cent to £ 1.6bn.
speaking on monday ahead of the company &apos;s annual meeting , mr pidgley said berkeley &apos;s earnings for the year were anticipated to be in line with current market expectations .
analyst consensus is for full-year pre-tax profit of £ 450m .
berkeley shares were flat at £ 23.96 in afternoon london trading .
nude photos of jennifer lawrence leaked online by hacker
jennifer lawrence arrives at the 85th annual academy awards .
nude photos of oscar-winning actress jennifer lawrence have been leaked online by a hacker who claimed to have a &quot; master list &quot; of images of 100 other starlets .
a representative for the star of &quot; the hunger games &quot; confirmed the photos of lawrence were real and blasted the hacker for &quot; a flagrant violation of privacy . &quot;
the authorities have been contacted and will prosecute anyone who posts the stolen photos of jennifer lawrence .
the photos , which originally were posted on the image-sharing site 4chan , were purportedly obtained through a weakness in apple &apos;s icloud online storage system , and a purported &quot; master list &quot; of the hacking victims includes the names of dozens of female stars , including rihanna , kim kardashian , mary elizabeth winstead and mary-kate olsen , according to buzzfeed .
it is not clear how many of the images are authentic , though &quot; scott pilgrim vs. the world &quot; star winstead took to twitter to denounce the hack as well .
&quot; to those of you looking at photos i took with my husband years ago in the privacy of our home , hope you feel great about yourselves , &quot; winstead tweeted .
however , victoria justice , of the nickolodeon series &quot; icarly &quot; and &quot; victorious , &quot; denied that the photos were of her , tweeting , &quot; these so called nudes of me are fake people .
let me nip this in the bud right now . * pun intended * .
buzzfeed reported late sunday that a spokesman for pop star ariana grande denied that purported photos of her were authentic .
exclusive extract from howard jacobson &apos;s acclaimed new novel about love and the letter &apos; j&apos;
they dissolved , that was the best way of putting it , they gradually came apart like a cardboard box that had been left out in the rain .
just occasionally a woman told him he was too serious , hard-going , intense , detached , and maybe a bit prickly .
and then shook his hand .
he recognised prickly .
he was spiny , like a hedgehog , yes .
the latest casualty of this spininess was an embryo-affair that had given greater promise than usual of relieving the lonely tedium of his life , and perhaps even bringing him some content .
ailinn solomons was a wild-haired , quiveringly delicate beauty with a fluttering heart from a northern island village more remote and rugged even than port reuben .
she had come south with an older companion whom kevern took to be her aunt , the latter having been left a property in a wet but paradisal valley called , felicitously , paradise valley .
no one had lived in the house for several years .
the pipes leaked , there were spiders still in the baths , slugs had signed their signatures on all the windows , believing the place belonged to them , the garden was overgrown with weeds that resembled giant cabbages .
it was like a children &apos;s story cottage , threatening and enchanting at the same time , the garden full of secrets .
author &apos;s view : howard jacobson , whose novel &quot; j &quot; is longlisted for the man booker prize 2014 .
the shortlist is announced next week
kevern had been sitting holding hands with ailinn on broken deckchairs in the long grass , enjoying an unexpectedly warm spring afternoon , the pair of them absent-mindedly plugged into the utility console that supplied the country with soothing music and calming news , when the sight of her crossed brown legs reminded him of an old song by a long-forgotten black entertainer his father had liked listening to with the cottage blinds down .
your feet &apos;s too big .
on account of their innate aggressiveness , songs of that sort were no longer played on the console .
not banned - nothing was banned exactly - simply not played .
encouraged to fall into desuetude , like the word desuetude .
popular taste did what edict and proscription could never have done , and just as , when it came to books , the people chose rags-to-riches memoirs , cookbooks and romances , so , when it came to music , they chose ballads .
carried away by the day , kevern began to play at an imaginary piano and in a rudely comic voice serenade ailinn &apos;s big feet .
ailinn didn &apos;t understand .
&quot; it was a popular song by a jazz pianist called fats waller , &quot; he told her , automatically putting two fingers to his lips .
this his father had always done to stifle the letter j before it left his lips .
it had begun as a game between them when he was small .
his father had played it with his own father , he &apos;d told him .
begin a word with a j without remembering to put two fingers across your mouth and it cost you a penny .
it had not been much fun then and it was not much fun now .
he knew it was expected of him , that was all .
he had to explain what jazz was .
ailinn had never heard any .
jazz , too , without exactly being proscribed , wasn &apos;t played .
improvisation had fallen out of fashion .
there was room for only one &quot; if &quot; in life .
people wanted to be sure , when a tune began , exactly where it was going to end .
wit , the same .
its unpredictability unsettled people &apos;s nerves .
and jazz was wit expressed musically .
though he reached the age of 10 without having heard of sammy davis junior , kevern knew of jazz from his father &apos;s semi-secret collection of old cds .
but at least he didn &apos;t have to tell ailinn that fats waller was black .
given her age , she was unlikely to have remembered a time when popular singers weren &apos;t black .
again , no laws or duress .
a compliant society meant that every section of it consented with gratitude - the gratitude of the providentially spared - to the principle of group aptitude .
people of afro-caribbean origin were suited by temperament and physique to entertainment and athletics , and so they sang and sprinted .
people originally from the indian subcontinent , electronically gifted as though by nature , undertook to ensure no family was without a functioning utility phone .
what was left of the polish community plumbed ; what was left of the greek smashed plates .
those from the gulf states and the levant whose grandparents hadn &apos;t quickly left the country while what happened , if it happened was happening - fearing they &apos;d be accused of having stoked the flames , fearing , indeed , that the flames would consume them next - opened labneh and shisha-pipe restaurants , kept their heads down , and grew depressed with idleness .
to each according to his gifts .
having heard only ballads , ailinn was hard pressed to understand how the insulting words kevern had just sung to her could ever have been set to music .
music was the expression of love .
&quot; they &apos;re not really insulting , &quot; kevern said .
except maybe to people whose feet are too big .
my father never insulted anybody , but he delighted in this song .
he was saying too much , but the garden &apos;s neglect gave the illusion of safety .
no word could get beyond the soundproofing of the giant cabbage-like leaves .
ailinn still didn &apos;t comprehend .
why would your father have loved something like that ?
he wanted to say it was a joke , but was reluctant , in her company , to put two fingers to his lips again .
she already thought he was strange .
&quot; it struck him as funny , &quot; he said instead .
she shook her head in disbelief , blotting out kevern &apos;s vision .
nothing to see in the whole wide world but her haystack of crow-black hair .
nothing else he wanted to see .
&quot; if you say so , &quot; she said , unconvinced .
but that still doesn &apos;t explain why you &apos;re singing it to me .
she seemed in genuine distress .
are my feet too big ?
he looked again .
your feet specifically , no .
your ankles , maybe , a bit ...
and you say you hate me because my ankles are too thick ?
hate you ?
of course i don &apos;t hate you .
that &apos;s just the silly song .
he could have said , &quot; i love you , &quot; but it was too soon for that .
&quot; your thick ankles are the very reason i &apos;m attracted to you , &quot; he tried instead .
i &apos;m perverse that way .
it came out wrong .
he had meant it to be funny .
meaning to be funny often landed him in a mess because , like his father , he lacked the reassuring charm necessary to temper the cruelty that lurked in jokes .
maybe his father intended to be cruel .
maybe he , kevern , did .
despite his kind eyes .
ailinn solomons flushed and rose from her deckchair , knocking over the console and spilling the wine they &apos;d been drinking .
elderflower wine , so drink wasn &apos;t his excuse .
in her agitation she seemed to tremble , like the fronds of a palm tree in a storm .
&quot; and your thick head &apos;s the very reason i &apos;m perversely attracted to you , &quot; she said ...
except that i &apos;m not .
he felt sorry for her , both on account of the unnecessary unkindness of his words and the fear that showed in her eyes in the moment of her standing up to him .
did she think he &apos;d strike her ?
she hadn &apos;t spoken to him about life on the chill northern archipelago where she had grown up , but he didn &apos;t doubt it was in all essentials similar to here .
the same vast and icy ocean crashed in on them both .
the same befuddled men , even more thin-skinned and peevish in the aftermath of what happened than their smuggler and wrecker ancestors had been , roamed angrily from pub to pub , ready to raise a hand to any woman who dared to refuse or twit them .
thick head ?
they &apos;d show her a thick fist , if she wasn &apos;t careful !
snog her first - the snog having become the most common expression of erotic irritation between men and women ; an antidote to the bland ballads of love the console pumped out - snog her first and cuff her later .
an unnecessary refinement in kevern &apos;s view , since a snog was itself an act of thuggery .
ailinn solomons made a sign with her body for him to leave .
he heaved himself out of the deckchair like an old man .
she felt leaden herself , but the weight of his grief surprised her .
this wasn &apos;t the end of the world .
they barely knew each other .
she watched him go - as at an upstairs window her companion watched him go - a man made heavy by what he &apos;d brought on himself .
adam leaving the garden , she thought .
she felt a pang for him and for men in general , no matter that some had raised their hands to her .
a man turned from her , his back bent , ashamed , defeated , all the fight in him leaked away - why was that a sight she felt she knew so well , when she couldn &apos;t recall a single instance , before today , of having seen it ?
alone again , ailinn solomons looked at her feet .
a score or so years before the events related above , esme nussbaum , an intelligent and enthusiastic 32-year-old researcher employed by ofnow , the non-statutory monitor of the public mood , prepared a short paper on the continuance of low- and medium-level violence in those very areas of the country where its reduction , if not its cessation , was most to have been expected , given the money and energy expended on uprooting it .
&quot; much has been done , and much continues to be done , &quot; she wrote , &quot; to soothe the native aggressiveness of a people who have fought a thousand wars and won most of them , especially in those twisted knarls and narrow crevices of the country where , though the spires of churches soar above the hedgerows , the sweeter breath of human kindness has , historically , been rarely felt .
but some qualities are proving to be ineradicable .
the higher the spire , it would seem , the lower the passions it goes on engendering .
the populace weeps to sentimental ballads , gorges on stories of adversity overcome , and professes to believe ardently in the virtues of marriage and family life , but not only does the old brutishness retain a pertinacious hold equally on rural communities as on our urban conurbations , evidence suggests the emergence of a new and vicious quarrelsomeness in the home , in the workplace , on our roads and even on our playing fields .
&quot; you have an unfortunate tendency to overwrite , &quot; her supervisor said when he had read the whole report .
may i suggest you read fewer novels .
esme nussbaum lowered her head .
i must also enquire : are you an atheist ?
&quot; i believe i am not obliged to say , &quot; esme nussbaum replied .
are you a lesbian ?
again esme protested her right to privacy and silence .
a feminist ?
silence once more .
&quot; i don &apos;t ask , &quot; luther rabinowitz said at last , &quot; because i have an objection to atheism , lesbianism or feminism .
this is a prejudice-free workplace .
we are the servants of a prejudice-free society .
but certain kinds of hypersensitivity , while entirely acceptable and laudable in themselves , may sometimes distort findings such as you have presented to me .
you are obviously yourself prejudiced against the church ; and those things you call &quot; vicious &quot; and &quot; brutish , &quot; others could as soon interpret as expressions of natural vigour and vitality .
to still be harping on about what happened , if it happened , as though it happened , if it happened , yesterday , is to sap the country of its essential life force .
esme nussbaum looked around her while rabinowitz spoke .
behind his head a flamingo pink led scroll repeated the advice ofnow had been dispensing to the country for the last quarter of a century or more .
smile at your neighbour , cherish your spouse , listen to ballads , go to musicals , use your telephone , converse , explain , listen , agree , apologise .
talk is better than silence , the sung word is better than the written , but nothing is better than love .
&quot; i fully understand the points you are making , &quot; esme nussbaum replied in a quiet voice , once she was certain her supervisor had finished speaking , &quot; and i am saying no more than that we are not healed as effectively as we delude ourselves we are .
my concern is that , if we are not forewarned , we will find ourselves repeating the mistakes that led to what happened , if it happened , in the first place .
only this time it will not be on others that we vent our anger and mistrust .
luther rabinowitz made a pyramid of his fingers .
this was to suggest infinite patience .
&quot; you go too far , &quot; he said , &quot; in describing as &quot; mistakes &quot; actions which our grandparents might or might not have taken .
you go too far , as well , in speaking of them venting their &quot; anger &quot; and &quot; mistrust &quot; on &quot; others . &quot;
it should not be necessary to remind someone in your position that in understanding the past , as in protecting the present , we do not speak of &quot; us &quot; and &quot; them . &quot;
there was no &quot; we &quot; and there were no &quot; others . &quot;
it was a time of disorder , that is all we know of it .
&quot; in which , if we are honest with ourselves , &quot; esme dared to interject , &quot; no section of society can claim to have acquitted itself well .
i make no accusations .
whether it was done ill , or done well , what was done was done .
then was then .
no more needs to be said - on this we agree .
and just as there is no blame to be apportioned , so there are no amends to be made , were amends appropriate and were there any way of making them .
but what is the past for if not to learn from it -
the past exists in order that we forget it .
if i may add one word to that -
luther rabinowitz collapsed his pyramid .
&quot; i will consider your report , &quot; he said , dismissing her .
the next day , turning up for work as usual , she was knocked down by a motorcyclist who had mounted the pavement in what passers-by described as a &quot; vicious rage . &quot;
coincidences happen .
lesotho military says no coup planned ; pm stays in south africa
lesotho military officials denied staging a coup to overthrow the government , saying they were acting against police suspected of trying to arm political fanatics .
prime minister thomas thabane fled the country , saying the country &apos;s military had surrounded his official home and seized government buildings in the capital of maseru .
the premier took his family to neighboring south africa after saying he received an assassination threat .
military spokesman major ntlele ntoi said there was not , in fact , a coup , but that the military was responding to a threat from &quot; political fanatics &quot; whom police were attempting to arm .
&quot; what happened this morning was that the command of the lesotho defense force was acting after receiving several intelligence reports that amongst the police service , there are some elements who are actually planning to arm some of the political , party political youth fanatics who were on the verge of wreaking havoc , &quot; he told voice of america .
south african government spokesman clayson monyela said the military &apos;s actions had the appearance at an overthrow .
&quot; although no one has claimed to have taken over government through the use of force , by all accounts the activities of the lesotho defense force thus far bear the hallmarks of a coup d &apos;etat , &quot; he said .
lesotho military officials said soldiers returned to their barracks sunday and there was calm in the capital .
meanwhile , deputy prime minister mothetjoa metsing in control of the government in thabane &apos;s absence .
thabane said he believes he is being targeted due to his attempt to fight corruption in the country .
tensions have been high in lesotho since june when thabane suspended parliament sessions due to feuding in his unity government .
he said his actions have not undermined the government , despite allegations otherwise .
eurozone manufacturing at 13-month low
manufacturing growth in the eurozone slowed to a 13-month low in august , according to a closely-watched survey .
the final markit &apos;s eurozone manufacturing purchasing managers &apos; index ( pmi ) dipped to 50.7 in august , down from 51.8 in july .
a figure above 50 indicates expansion .
new orders dwindled and factories suffered amid rising tensions between the eu and russia over ukraine .
the figures come ahead of the european central bank ( ecb ) meeting on thursday .
markets will be looking for a clear plan from the bank to deal with a stalled eurozone recovery , as well as the threat of deflation with inflation standing at just 0.3 % .
there is speculation that ecb boss mario draghi could offer further indications later this week that he is considering a quantitative easing scheme for the eurozone , similar to those taken by the uk and us during the financial crisis .
&quot; although some growth is better than no growth at all , the braking effect of rising economic and geopolitical uncertainties on manufacturers is becoming more visible , &quot; said rob dobson , senior economist at markit .
the factory pmi for germany , russia &apos;s biggest trade partner in the eu , fell to an 11-month low of 51.4 .
meanwhile , in the bloc &apos;s second-largest economy , france , the pmi fell to 46.9 .
france remains a real concern , as does italy &apos;s descent from solid expansion to stagnation .
signs that growth impetus waned in the key industrial engine of germany , and in spain and the netherlands too , is also less than reassuring , &quot; mr dobson said .
the slowdown in industry is likely to add further fuel to the fire for analysts expecting additional monetary or fiscal stimulus to be implemented .
one positive note was from the republic of ireland , which saw its pmi grow to 57.3 , its highest level since the end of 1999 .
howard archer , chief economist at ihs global insight , said : &quot; the best that can be said for the august eurozone manufacturing purchasing managers &apos; survey is that it indicates that the sector is still growing . &quot;
he added : &quot; eurozone manufacturers are clearly finding life very difficult at the moment as current heightened geopolitical tensions - particularly related to russia / ukraine - add uncertainty to still challenging conditions in many countries .
this heightened uncertainty has clearly hit business - especially , and consumer confidence , and it is likely causing some orders to be delayed or even cancelled , particularly big-ticket orders .
he said it was looking &quot; ever more likely &quot; that the ecb would ultimately have to undertake some form of qe , &quot; although we suspect that it will be limited . &quot;
the beslan survivors &apos; decade of hell : ten years since the horrific school siege , how the children caught up in it are still suffering
ten years ago over 1,000 people were taken hostage by chechen militants at a school in beslan , southern russia
more than 330 people , more than half of them children , were killed in the three-day ordeal that shocked the world
we went back to beslan to find some of the victims who cheated death in the classroom atrocity
exactly a decade after the appalling beslan school siege in which 334 perished , including 186 children , the heroic survivors warned last night of a new apocalypse in ukraine .
when fanatic islamic terrorists kidnapped and killed children and parents on 1 september 2004 , at the start of a new term , it seemed like the nadir of all evil .
the tragedy united east and west in revulsion , which amazingly then turned to action and hope for the future in the direst misery .
ten years on , we went back to beslan in southern russia to find some of the victims who cheated death in the classroom atrocity .
we discovered amazing young people , who have defied adversity , though the memory of this terrorist hell will live with them forever .
their greatest hope ?
that the war now scarring ukraine - in which children like them are dying - will now stop .
the girl pictured trying to climb back inside the blitzed school gym
she was famously snapped by top russian photographer dmitry beliakov wearing only her underwear as tried to climb back inside the blitzed school gym after a mine exploded .
bewildered , aida was desperately searching for her mother , larissa , now 40 .
both were feared dead , but in fact they survived .
&apos;a woman told me to run for my life but i couldn &apos;t , &apos; said aida at the time .
my legs were covered in blood .
i got up and climbed back in to look for my mum .
a soldier plucked her to safety .
after a series of surgeries , she thought she had totally recovered but said yesterday : &apos; three months ago , the pain came back .
i fear i may need more surgery .
some shrapnel pieces are still in my knee .
her aim now is to become a dentist , to help people as she has been aided by medics .
&apos;this tragedy changed my life but it surely did not break it , &apos; she said defiantly .
&apos;it happened to me and you can &apos;t change this fact .
once a year i always go to the gym to recall those who remained there .
my friends and i try not to talk about it on other days .
the pain is too much .
my best friend and my classmate-to-be dzera gapoeva was killed there .
we played together when we were small and dreamed of going to school together .
&apos;i don &apos;t want to marry until i finish my studies and start my career .
i will think about a family later .
she says the siege remains with her though memories fade a little each year .
i am pleased that many people in the world still remember our troubles and we are so grateful for the help we got from people in britain and everywhere .
when i see online the photograph of me climbing into the school window , i think that many people will see it for the first time , understand about our disaster , and stop this from happening any more .
the boy who fled through a hail of bullets believing his mother to be dead
he was on his first day at school ( russians start school aged 7 ) and survived the three day siege hugging his mum tamara .
then seven he said : &apos; mummy told me to lie down if there was an explosion and hold her hand . &apos; 
after one explosion he thought she was dying .
she told him : &apos; run &apos; .
fearing she was dead , he fled and on his way he saw a crying toddler , grabbed the child by the hand , and fled through a hail of bullets .
his dad vladimir , who scooped up his son outside , said : &apos; damir told me his mother had died .
he said : &apos; i couldn &apos;t save her &apos;  . &apos; 
in fact , tamara had stumbled free and was in hospital with leg wounds , in turn believing her son had perished .
after their reunion she said : &apos; i wept with joy .
i couldn &apos;t believe it .
he ran in and hugged me .
damir was later flown to london ( by the now defunct news of the world newspaper ) to be crowned a barnardo &apos;s children &apos;s champion by then premier tony blair and wife wife cherie .
&apos;this horror comes back to you every day , but i wish i could stop recalling it , &apos; he said yesterday .
still i can say that in my mind it is fading .
i remember right afterwards , i threw away all my toy guns .
but now i can play computer games with shooting and it is not a problem for me .
&apos;i &apos;m not scared to go back in the gym but i don &apos;t think about myself .
i remember those kids i used to play with in the yard who never got out .
we never say they were killed or dead .
we say they stayed in the gym .
i remember my trip to london so well , specially the toy shop where i was allowed to pick anything i wanted , and riding in an open top car .
but now he fears for places like ukraine where wars cause the kind of misery he and his friends suffered .
this horror comes back to you every day , but i wish i could stop recalling it
&apos;i feel so sorry for all those who suffer from these horrors , &apos; said damir , who was last week doing voluntary work at a nunnery .
i want to help so much .
i want to serve in the police one day and hope they enrol me to the training academy next year .
his mother tamara , 48 , said : &apos; 37 kids were killed in our neighbourhood , can you imagine ?
i remember terrible silence right after the siege , there were just no children to shout and run around , and that silence lasted for many months .
she vividly recalls her trip with damir to london .
people in london were crying when i told our story .
i realised then how folk on the other side of the world can understand our feelings , can show their support .
she was grateful to &apos; cherie blair and her foundation for that award and the opportunity to go to london in autumn 2004 .
i wish i could call cherie and just say it myself that 10 years have gone but i still remember meeting her and her husband in london , and how that helped damir and me .
i remember when damir wanted to eat borsch soup , they called all the local russian restaurants .
i remember how he was playing with waiters in a restaurant , damir was shooting at them from his water pistol and they ran away and played with him .
and we were just one month away from our horror then .
i was amazed that the british people were so ready to share our pain and to support us .
she said : &apos; i keep thinking this world did not get better within these 10 years .
now in ukraine the war goes on , people are dying every day , and i believe many children were killed and will be killed .
they are just the same children , like ours .
i think for many people the war is a news report they listen to when they are bored or busy with something else .
i just know what those people feel , the horror of it .
and i can &apos;t stop feeling it .
nothing has changed , people still want to kill each other and it is so sad .
damir grew up and became a very gentle and calm boy , he is not at all aggressive or angry .
he is not seeking revenge for example , he is not preoccupied with this past horror .
i know that he does not like to recall it but he is very close with six classmates and they go to the gym from time to time and light candles there .
when he was smaller he suffered from it - i remember he used to lie down on the sofa with his face turned away from us , for hours at a time .
not sleeping , his eyes were open .
i also remember how he threw away all his guns and other army-type toys.damir is 17 now , taller than me , nice looking , clever and healthy .
i can hardly believe that for some hours i was so sure he was dead and i &apos;d never see him again .
when i managed to recover after the explosion and got on my feet i looked around , i saw the hell around me , when body parts were lying everywhere .
i was absolutely sure that there was no way my little boy could have survived in this hell .
&apos;i remember i was shouting to him &apos; damir , run , run away &apos; but again i was so sure he had not heard me .
but he did hear , and he did run away .
so life goes on for us unlike for so many .
georgy ilyin , 17
the boy whose shocking image after the siege came to define the horror of beslan
comfort : beslan survivor georgy ilyin with his mum fatima after the siege in 2004 , while on the right is georgy today
his bloodstained face was etched with fear as he ran for his life as chechen terrorists gunned down his classmates .
his picture was one of the most shocking symbols of the barbarity at beslan .
his mother fatima , 54 , a senior gp , had dropped him for his first day at school before rushing to take her elder son vladimir to university .
&apos;i left two minutes before the terrorists rushed into the yard , so my little boy was left there alone for three days of horror , &apos; she recalled .
not completely alone , we had a family of relatives there but all of them were killed .
only my georgy managed to survive .
the closer this date is , the harder it is to think and talk about it .
there is no single day when we do not recall this tragedy .
we do not feel it was long ago , i think it happened yesterday , some scenes from those days come to my mind all the time .
nobody will ever forget , i promise you .
haunting : the image of georgy ( left ) was one of the most shocking of the attack and has been immortalised in a statue ( right )
i remember georgy so much wanted to go to school on that day , he said he wanted to hug his teacher .
i only got to know he was alive when i saw him tv .
and now there is even a statue to crying georgy in san marino .
georgy does not like to look at this picture and it is hidden it in the bookcase in our home .
i understand , but i also think that thanks to this picture people from all over the world feel our pain .
georgy says now : &apos; it &apos;s important this can never happen again .
&apos;i doubt we &apos;ll ever know the truth .
people keep investigating such tragedies and never know the truth .
now they are investigating this boeing crash in ukraine .
will we ever know what caused it ?
this world is moving to something very bad .
&apos;i can &apos;t understand how it happens , because if you ask people , no-one wants a war , so how does it happen ?
ten years is nothing for such pain .
we need dozens of years to pass in order to forget it a little .
it affected my health and i still feel it .
for about three or four years i had some nightmares because of the siege but then it got better .
i got back to school later in 2004 , i was very scared every day .
i was thinking about my friends and classmates who were killed .
this is why i keep going to the gym as each 1 september approaches .
i want to pay tribute to my old childhood friends .
it is hard for me to go inside the gym but i must do it .
i do not feel myself a victim , this story is the part of my past now .
i will not forget it but i do not feel sorry for myself .
my life goes on .
i finished school this year entered a medical university in vladikavkaz .
i will learn to be a heart surgeon .
my first choice was to go in the army .
i wanted to be a military man , but my health did not let me .
i wanted to fight for my country but it will not happen .
georgy farniyev , 20
the boy who survived despite having been trapped at the feet of a murderous terrorist
miraculous : georgy farniyev was trapped at the foot of a murderous terrorist during the siege but still managed to survive
as the siege was underway , he was pictured trapped inside the gym , sitting next to a bomb at the foot of a murderous terrorist .
it is truly a miracle he was not killed .
&apos;we feel as if it was just yesterday , &apos; said georgy , who wanted to train as an intelligence officer in the fsb , but was unable to because of damage to his health in the siege .
it is still with me , this is not something i left behind .
i am older now and people use to say children easily cope with bad experience - i must say this is not true .
&apos;in 2006 i worked with psychologists and i did feel a bit better afterwards but i can &apos;t forget it .
and i would like to forget .
2005 - the year after - was the first and the last time when i went inside the gym again .
i lost consciousness .
i would never ever go there again and please don &apos;t ask me to show where i sat in that well-known picture .
survivor : georgy farniev pictured today , with a photograph of him in hospital follwoing the siege on his laptop
my pain is enormous and i carry it with me every day .
my friends know that i do not like to think or discuss it and they never asked me about the school .
in terms of physical condition i am well .
i should be careful with my knee which was injured but i walk fine now .
still my health did not let me go and study in fsb secret service academy in st petersburg as i wanted .
i sent my documents , including medical papers , and they replied it was not possible .
my second passion was animals , so i went to the veterinary institute .
i have completed two years there .
he is learning to treat all animals &apos; from cats to cows &apos; .
he said : &apos; i know i would never tell my children about my experience .
this is not something children should know about , and of course not something they should experience .
his mother marina , 42 , said : &apos; this pain never leaves me .
it is in my soul , worse when the anniversary gets close .
i will go and attend ceremonies being held to mark it .
i know georgy won &apos;t go .
it must be even stronger for him because he was there and i was not .
i was waiting for him at home , not able to help .
i am so grateful to god that he was returned to me.here in beslan the imprint is on everyone .
it stays with us .
georgy is an adult now but that horror is still with him .
it is hard to accept it when something so terribly unfair happens to you .
he is a boy , he likes sports but he can &apos;t take part because of his knee .
he had several surgeries , he walks but cannot exercise .
i would say he 50 % overcame this horror , but one can never completely overcome and forget it .
this horrible experience will stay with us .
many friends and neighbours were killed in the siege , and it only adds to my pain .
i lost many people i knew well and they were dear for me .
my son is with me and this is the greatest gift god could do for me but my heart aches about those killed .
i know families where new children were born , but also widows who never married again .
it is hard to accept that life goes on , even if you do not want it .
i will never forget my heart jumping out of my chest at the moment i saw him in hospital .
now i look at what is going on in the world - wars in different regions .
what are those people fighting for ?
why are they killing each other ?
the war is very close to our country now and i can hardly believe it .
we used to be one friendly country in the past , how did it happen that we are fighting now ?
people and children are suffering , i am sure many children were already killed in ukraine and many will be killed .
if we could only grab all the rebels and throw them away - as far away as possible .
alyona tskaeva , 10
the baby who was carried poignantly to safety by a special forces commando
saved : alyona tskaeva is carried to safety by a russian special forces commando ( left ) .
she is now ten ( right ) and has no memory at all of the atrocity
the world gasped in 2004 when baby alyona was carried out of the beslan siege cradled in the arms of a russian policeman .
terrorists let her go but cruelly kept her 30 year old mother , ten year old older sister kristina , and brother makhar in the school gym .
makhar , then three , escaped , but alyona &apos;s mother and sister died in the murderous carnage .
her father ruslan has since remarried and with his new wife svetlana he has a baby girl , who he named kristina after the daughter he lost .
alyona , now ten , has no memory of the siege and has blossomed into a bright and happy girl , say neighbours .
&apos;they are a big happy family now and alyona and makhar are both great kids , &apos; said a close friend .
ruslan is a fantastic dad and wants to get them away from all the memories as the tenth anniversary is marked .
you can understand why .
man accused of knocking down girl on fife pelican crossing
a 78-year-old man is to stand trial accused of running over a three-year-old girl on a pelican crossing in fife .
gordon stewart is alleged to have knocked down the girl on a crossing in pittenween in east neuk .
prosecutors said mr stewart drove his audi q3 without due care and attention and knocked the girl down to her injury .
stewart , 78 , from anstruther , denied the charge at dundee sheriff court .
sheriff charles macnair qc set a trial date in january .
4 tips for better underwater photos and video
if you &apos;re interested in shooting photos or video underwater , you have a variety of equipment choices .
the cheapest option is a waterproof point-and-shoot , such as the nikon coolpix aw120 or an action cam , such as the gopro hero3 + silver edition , which both go for around $ 300 .
i shot these photos at a family party using several cameras , all priced under $ 350 .
no matter what gear you use , a few rules apply for getting the best results .
double-check your gear .
even if you have a waterproof camera , make sure that the camera &apos;s battery and other compartments are tightly closed .
also , set your camera to match the type of photos or video you &apos;ll be shooting .
some cameras and camcorders have scene or shooting modes that will optimize the exposure for dim undersea settings .
and before you jump in , know how deep your equipment can go .
some cameras are rated to only 5 feet , others to 50 or 60 feet .
check out our buying guide and ratings for digital cameras for both conventional and waterproof models .
take multiple shots - because many of them won &apos;t work .
point-and-shoot cameras have lcds to help you compose photos , while action cams generally don &apos;t .
even if you have an lcd , it &apos;s going to hard to see it underwater , and composing your shot will be a hit-or-miss process .
so shoot multiples .
also , if your camera has a bracket mode , which shoots a burst of shots at slightly different exposure settings , take advantage of it .
stay near the surface .
light falls off dramatically the deeper you dive underwater .
if possible , stay close to the surface when you shoot in a pool , a lake or the ocean .
this will also allow you to capture more color in your photos ; the deeper you go , the less color you &apos;ll see .
get close to your subjects .
this is great advice for shooting on dry land , but it is even more important underwater because of the dim lighting conditions .
it &apos;s particularly important if you &apos;re shooting with an action cam : these devices often have a fixed , wide angle lens , which means you have to get closer to your subjects if you want them to fill the picture frame .
andrew lawson was the kind of man whose force of personality could shake things up , even in a gargantuan organisation like the nhs .
a consultant anaesthetist , he devoted his career to sparing the sick both the agonies of illness and the torments of treatment .
among those who sought him out , his wife remembers , was an mi6 officer who had to live with the crippling after-effects of torture .
lawson understood that while doctors are captivated by diagnoses and diseases , those being treated are overwhelmingly concerned with something else entirely : pain .
one day in 2007 , however , he was the one who began to suffer .
&quot; i have not felt myself , &quot; he wrote in may that year .
i &apos;ve had difficulty in energising myself .
struggling with flu-like symptoms , he found himself impatiently berating his wife , juliet .
&quot; i want everything to happen sooner rather than later , &quot; he noted .
when juliet went away on business for a week , lawson found himself unusually , and unaccountably , upset .
something was up .
he got a colleague to perform a chest x-ray .
just two weeks earlier he had been skiing in the french alps .
the results of the x-ray came back .
he had mesothelioma , an incurable cancer that affects the pleura , or lining of the lung .
with most cancers , it is hard to know the exact cause .
though some smokers get lung cancer , for example , not all lung cancer sufferers have smoked .
but mesothelioma is different .
in almost every case , the cause is exposure to asbestos - a fibrous building material once dubbed &quot; miraculous , &quot; but now known to be mortally dangerous .
for most of us , mesothelioma has been an easy disease to ignore .
asbestos , after all , is a product of the past .
the most dangerous type of asbestos has not been used in britain since the 1960s , when a voluntary industry ban came into effect .
even when it was used , only people in specific industries worked closely with it - pipe laggers , builders , carpenters and shipyard workers , for example .
an industrial toxin from another era , it hardly seems cause for concern today .
but such complacency is misplaced .
britain , it turns out , is today at the peak of a mesothelioma epidemic .
there are more mesothelioma deaths here than in any other country on the planet .
with an annual toll of about 2,500 , more than twice as many people die of the disease as die in accidents in motor vehicles .
mesothelioma annual deaths since 1980 and projected future deaths in great britain
the reason that we are feeling its deadly effects now is that , though asbestos use has been illegal for years ( all types of asbestos were eventually banned by law in 1999 ) , it usually takes decades for mesothelioma to develop .
and the mesothelioma scourge is not confined to veterans of industrial building jobs .
asbestos has been , and in many cases still is , embedded in the homes we live in , the offices we work in , the schools we are educated in , and the stores we shop in .
as a result , mesothelioma is no respecter of class , wealth , occupation , or age .
the bastions of privilege , from smart london department stores to public schools , have proved no refuge .
the houses of parliament are riddled with asbestos .
even the hospitals that are meant to make us better have been reservoirs of this deadly carcinogen .
andrew lawson was not old .
nor was he a pipe lagger .
in fact , he struggled to think where he might have come into contact with asbestos .
then he put his finger on it .
&quot; it seems that there may have been a lot of asbestos in the tunnels at guy &apos;s hospital where i spent six years training , &quot; he wrote .
everybody - students , nurses , doctors and porters - used the tunnels .
one wonders how many of my contemporaries will get the same disease ?
it was a question to which , sadly , he was able to provide a partial answer .
&quot; of four doctors who trained at guy &apos;s hospital and who subsequently developed mesothelioma in the past five years , &quot; he noted in a letter in 2010 , &quot; i am the only one left alive . &quot;
how many of us will get this disease ?
andrew lawson was diagnosed with mesothelioma when he was 48 .
when he died , on february 17 this year , he was 55 .
to survive so long is unusual .
fifty per cent of mesothelioma sufferers are dead 8 months after diagnosis .
it is always fatal .
so now we can only echo lawson &apos;s question : &quot; how many of us will get the same disease ? &quot;
according to britain &apos;s leading expert on mesothelioma , professor julian peto , our best guess is that between 1970 and 2050 , when the asbestos epidemic in britain should have played itself out , some 90,000 people will have died .
most currently have no idea that they will die this way .
an asbestos mine in quebec , canada alamy
a quick glance at the reports from the courts , where those affected often turn for compensation , shows how far the scourge of mesothelioma has spread .
this june , for example , marks &amp; spencer admitted negligently exposing janice allen to asbestos .
she worked for the chain for nine years , from 1978 to 1987 , supervising clothes sections at two sites - one of which was the flagship store on oxford street .
mrs allen was only 18 when she started working at m &amp; s.
now she has two children in their 20s .
&quot; before this happened , &quot; she says , &quot; i had never heard of mesothelioma , i barely knew about asbestos .
i never would have dreamed that i would be affected by it .
few people do know much about asbestos .
in fact , asbestos describes not one substance but a group of six minerals .
they get their name from the word &quot; asbestiform &quot; - which describes the fibrous structure which endows them with strength and flexibility .
of the six , three have commonly been used in the building trade .
chrysotile , commonly known as white asbestos , is by far the most frequently found in buildings today .
it was used in roofing panels , floor tiles , pipe insulation , boiler seals , even brake linings in cars .
it is less lethal than other forms of asbestos , but it &apos;s still considered a &quot; major health hazard &quot; that can kill by the eu and who .
more dangerous , however , are brown asbestos ( amosite ) and blue asbestos ( crocidolite ) .
britain was once the world &apos;s largest importer of brown asbestos , and experts suggest that &quot; there is strong but indirect evidence that this was a major cause of the uniquely high mesothelioma rate &#91; in the uk &#93; . &quot;
a marks &amp; spencer employee was exposed to asbestos at its flagship store in oxford street , london alamy
janice allen may not have thought of herself as a typical victim of mesothelioma , but julian peto &apos;s work suggests that her story is far from uncommon .
he has produced a study of sufferers which suggests that &quot; a substantial proportion of mesotheliomas with no known occupational or domestic exposure were probably caused by environmental asbestos exposure . &quot;
much of that exposure , he says , is due to &quot; normal occupation and weathering &quot; of our buildings .
no one , it seems , can be sure that they are safe .
a report from goddard consulting , which looked at the palace of westminster , shows how people , even in the heart of government , might have been exposed unawares .
in 2009 goddard reported that service shafts and piping ducts behind parliamentary committee rooms were contaminated with asbestos , whose lethal fibres could be disturbed by something as innocuous as &quot; strong currents of air . &quot;
mps are frequently accused of looking after their own interests , but in this case it seems the opposite may have been true .
while the parliamentary works services directorate insisted that the palace of westminster had been given &quot; a clean bill of health , &quot; it is now accepted £ 1bn of work lasting several years is required to overhaul parliament , upgrading electrics and removing asbestos , and that after the 2015 general election mps may sit in the nearby qe2 conference centre rather than on the green benches at westminster .
the goddard report noted that &quot; the presence of asbestos has not been managed in accordance with the various regulations . &quot;
it is impossible to know if this mismanagement will cost lives .
all anyone can do now is wait .
one person who has never been able to pinpoint his exposure to asbestos is graham abbott , a gp .
like andrew lawson , abbott , 50 , suspects that he was exposed to asbestos while working in hospitals .
&quot; i have worked at a hospital where positive asbestos claims have been made , &quot; he says , &quot; but i can &apos;t prove it in my case .
it &apos;s so hard to remember all the places one has worked in , and the dates .
what he remembers clearly is the day early in december in 2009 when he was overcome with what felt like a fever .
he was 45 , and in the middle of a late evening surgery .
suddenly i started feeling shivery .
it came on very quickly .
i felt dreadful .
i didn &apos;t think i was going to be able to drive all the way home .
being a doctor , abbott knew that the pain was coming from the pleura , the lining around his lungs .
but like janice allen , he simply had no reason to suspect mesothelioma .
he ended up spending a month off work .
puzzled doctors gave him chest x-rays , and administered pleural catheters to draw off fluid from the lungs and send it for assessment .
yet the condition went undiagnosed .
slowly his health improved and he went back to work .
but from time to time the same symptoms returned , often after he took exercise and was breathing hard .
in 2011 , one of abbott &apos;s patients arrived at his gp &apos;s surgery with similar symptoms to him , and was subsequently diagnosed with mesothelioma .
but even then abbott didn &apos;t make the connection with his own case .
after all , his patient was decades older , and had worked directly asbestos .
the link in that case was clear .
in september 2011 , abbott &apos;s condition worsened again , and his consultant took his ct scans and x-rays to a panel of experts .
in december 2011 , exactly two years after abbott started feeling unwell , a probe , equipped with a camera , was fed into the cavity between the lining of his chest and the lining of his lung .
i &apos;m an optimist .
i tend just to plod along , &quot; he says .
i hadn &apos;t worried about it too much to be honest .
but rachel , my wife , was worrying .
the result of the biopsy came in the week between christmas and new year : &quot; i was told it was mesothelioma . &quot;
graham abbott : diagnosed with mesothelioma
suddenly abbott was plunged into meetings with macmillan nurses , one of whom suggested that he should get in touch with a lawyer .
that was when he realised the scale of the epidemic .
&quot; it turns out that asbestos was widely used , particularly in big public buildings which quite often had asbestos lagging on the pipes , &quot; he says .
people who were exposed to asbestos in those buildings are now coming down with the disease .
so mesothelioma is now affecting younger people not in the typical professions .
the most dangerous asbestos-lagged pipes in hospitals were below ground level , so patients are unlikely to have been affected .
but many staff , walking in pedestrian tunnels to get from one building to another ( like andrew lawson ) , or eating in basement canteens ( as graham abbott frequently did ) almost certainly did come into contact with the toxic substance .
for several decades after the war , it turns out , hospitals were potentially life-saving places for patients , but life-threatening places for the doctors who treated them .
it is still being removed today .
pupils perched their bunsen burners on asbestos mats
and it is not just hospitals .
asbestos was frequently used in offices , shops , libraries and town halls for its marvellous insulating and flame-retarding properties .
schools too .
in fact many people will have been first exposed to asbestos in the classroom .
up and down the country , in myriad chemistry lessons , pupils have perched their bunsen burners on asbestos mats .
websites have sprung up to address the issue of asbestos in schools .
meanwhile , in our homes , items as innocuous as floor tiles or shed roofs have routinely contained asbestos .
&quot; it &apos;s an industrial poison built into large amounts of our housing stock , &quot; notes andrew morgan , the lawyer who represented andrew lawson in his case against guy &apos;s hospital .
in one case the only contact the woman sufferer could think of was pulling down a garden shed in the 1970s .
so be careful how you pull down the garden shed .
the impact of diagnosis , knowing that the disease is incurable , is huge .
&quot; it takes a while to sink in , &quot; says graham abbott .
i went back to work and tried to carry on but realised that i couldn &apos;t concentrate on what i was doing .
i was at the surgery for two weeks .
then i realised that i would have to leave and sort myself out .
well , i won &apos;t see christmas again
one of the hardest things was moving from the position of doctor to that of patient .
like countless patients before him , he remembers feeling bewildered by the amount of information to get to grips with .
&quot; it was hard to take everything in , &quot; he says .
&quot; i asked my consultant &quot; how long do i have ? &quot;
i was quoted about 12 months .
i remember thinking &quot; well , i won &apos;t see christmas again .
that &apos;s it . &quot; &quot;
mesothelioma is particularly pernicious , because it is the mechanics of how we stay alive - the very act of breathing - that causes the cancer that kills .
most mesothelioma cases are caused by exposure to asbestos .
asbestos is made up of tiny fibres .
when the asbestos is disturbed and the fibres are inhaled , they can become embedded in the pleura , the lining of the lungs .
asbestos fibres irritate the pleura and can cause cell mutations .
&quot; the problem comes from inhaled needle-shaped fibres of asbestos , &quot; professor tom treasure , a cardio-thoracic surgeon who moved in 2001 to guy &apos;s hospital .
the very hospital where andrew lawson suspected he was exposed to asbestos is now , ironically , a leading centre in treating mesothelioma .
treasure knew lawson , and treated some others who are likely to have been exposed while training at the hospital .
once the asbestos needles get into the lung tissue , says treasure , &quot; the act of breathing pushes them on the periphery , which is where the lining is .
it is by its nature invasive from the very beginning .
the normal options for treating other forms of cancer work less well with mesothelioma .
the effectiveness of surgery , for example , is hotly debated .
some feel it is worth trying .
treasure disagrees .
&quot; you can &apos;t excise the pleura , &quot; he says .
you can &apos;t get your knife round it .
meanwhile the cancer &quot; is not very responsive to chemotherapy , &quot; which &quot; has an effect &quot; but does not cure .
&quot; every now and again you get long survivors , &quot; says treasure .
but in the end they all die .
happily , some patients do live far , far beyond expectations .
the author stephen jay gould died 20 years after diagnosis .
two-and-a-half years after his own diagnosis , graham abbott is still battling on .
after contacting mesothelioma abbott was put in touch with andrew lawson , who , four years after his diagnosis , had become a one-man support and advice bureau for fellow sufferers .
&quot; hello , cancer central , &quot; he would announce cheerily when they called .
&quot; he was very positive , &quot; says abbott .
he had been diagnosed 4 years before and was still very active .
initially , abbott had been offered six cycles of chemotherapy that would take four months , and likely prolong his life by just one month .
&quot; i felt desperate , &quot; he says .
i felt like giving up .
lawson , however , &quot; managed to put a slightly better tint on things . &quot;
after seeing several consultants , abbott decided to pursue his treatment with prof loic lang-lazdunski , professor in thoracic surgery at guy &apos;s .
&quot; we had an advantage in that i didn &apos;t have to be referred , i just rang them up and they saw me , &quot; graham admits .
the average patient would have to get a referral and have funding approved .
money is crucial for those with mesothelioma to pursue the best available treatments .
but when those treatments eventually , inevitably , fail , many sufferers are faced with another financial worry - about the future of the families they will leave behind .
and so they turn to the courts in pursuit of compensation .
andrew lawson contacted andrew morgan , from field fisher waterhouse llp .
&quot; it has been known that asbestos is noxious to health since 1898 , &quot; says morgan .
but what changed in the 1960s is that it was realised that even very low levels could be a risk to health .
that is where company negligence came in .
andrew lawson and guy &apos;s hospital eventually settled their case , but it was not what morgan calls a &quot; full-value settlement &quot; since lawson could not prove definitively that his mesothelioma was down to asbestos exposure at guy &apos;s .
after the inquest into his death , a spokesman for guy &apos;s did confirm , however , that &quot; the asbestos in the basement area concerned was removed in the 1990s . &quot;
that was too late for andrew lawson .
how to remove asbestos
in fact , pinning lethal asbestos exposure on one company or place of work - usually decades after the fact - has proved a huge problem for mesothelioma sufferers seeking compensation .
many of their former employers have changed hands or gone out of business .
insurance records may have been lost .
and those defending themselves from claims know they have time on their side , which the claimants certainly do not .
in response , this year has seen major new legislation which makes it easier for those with mesothelioma to claim compensation even if their former employers can no longer be traced .
the law has created a £ 350m pot of money , funded by the insurance industry , for those diagnosed after july 2012 who can prove exposure but have no one to sue .
in these cases sufferers will be awarded 80 per cent of what a court might have awarded in a normal compensation case - about £ 120,000 .
about 300 successful claims to the scheme are expected each year .
andrew morgan , like many involved with mesothelioma sufferers , thinks that £ 350m represents &quot; a very good job &quot; for the insurance industry .
&quot; it &apos;s a deal written by insurers for insurers &quot; he says , suggesting that the sum is a quarter of what insurers would have had to pay if the passage of time had not intervened , and mesothelioma sufferers were able to track down companies and sue them in the normal way .
even mike penning , then works and pensions minister , admitted that the law was &quot; not perfect . &quot;
but both penning and morgan admit that , with seven victims dying each day , quick action was needed .
&quot; people are suffering so much , and need help today , &quot; said penning during the mesothelioma bill &apos;s second reading in december last year .
by then , graham abbott had been in the hands of prof loic lang-lazdunski for 19 months .
after their initial consultations , lang-lazdunski advised surgery which , in contrast to tom treasure , he believes has a positive effect .
this was followed by radiotherapy and chemotherapy - a tri-therapy for which lang-lazdunski can boast five year survival rates as high as 40 per cent .
abbott felt empowered .
&quot; that of course is one of the most important things , &quot; says abbott .
you see it in patients all the time .
there is some drive that keeps you going .
when you give up you can deteriorate very quickly .
graham abbott went in for surgery in march 2012 .
by the end of august he had completed the last of his six cycles of chemotherapy .
follow-up scans revealed no sign of the disease .
then i had my scan in march &#91; 2014 &#93; .
there was multiple spotting &#91; of cancer &#93; around my chest .
i was just about to turn 50 .
it &apos;s not life threatening .
it &apos;s life ending .
once again abbott put himself through six cycles of chemotherapy .
now there is no sign of the tumours .
but the process is both physically and emotionally gruelling .
you have to think about practical things - about the finances when i &apos;m gone for example , or showing my wife how the boiler timer works .
when you get bad news you start getting negative .
you have to look forward .
as the father of ellie , 16 , and tamsin , 14 , that is not always easy .
&quot; it &apos;s hard as a parent , &quot; he says .
it is difficult to know what to say and how much to say .
when i was first diagnosed i told the girls that i had a condition that meant i wasn &apos;t going to become old .
they reacted very differently .
tamsin is very sociable and boisterous .
she told her friends and we got lots of calls very quickly .
ellie was more reserved .
she didn &apos;t say much .
such conversations are something that all cancer patients must face .
but for mesothelioma sufferers such discussions are not leavened by hope , by even a glimmer of a possibility of survival .
the disease carries with it ( even as it did , eventually , for stephen jay gould ) a grim certainty .
as andrew morgan says , &quot; mesothelioma is not life threatening .
bodies of embalmed pharaohs wrapped in asbestos cloths .
asbestos fibres used to strengthen cooking pots and provide greater heat resistance .
pliny the elder describes asbestos .
a linen has now been invented that is incombustible .
i have seen napkins made of it glowing on the hearths at banquets
modern commercial asbestos use begins in italy , where it is used to make paper ( even bank notes ) and cloth .
major asbestos mines open in canada and south africa , and soon after in america , itlay and russia .
it is an ideal insulator for the steam engines and and turbines of the industrial revolution .
global asbestos production rises to more than 30,000 tons annually .
statisticians with prudential identify premature mortality among those working with asbestos , who are subsequently refused life insurance .
nellie kershaw dies in rochdale .
dr william cooke testifies that asbestos particles in the lungs &quot; were beyond reasonable doubt the primary cause of death . &quot;
it is the first case of its kind .
kershaw &apos;s employers , turner bros asbestos , do not admit liability .
no compensation is paid .
world war two sees intensive shipbuilding , one of the deadliest occupations for asbestos exposure .
voluntary industry ban on the import of blue asbestos
court of appeal confirms the first successful personal injury claim in britain as a result of asbestos exposure .
global asbestos production rises to more than 4,213,000 tons annually .
uk imports 139,000 tons .
health and safety executive in britain requires all contractors working with asbestos to be licensed .
import and use of blue and brown asbestos banned by law in britain .
all asbestos use banned in britain .
mesothelioma act passed in the uk .
a £ 350m compensation scheme is announced .
asbestos is banned in more than 50 countries , but white asbestos is still used as a cheap building material in many parts of the world .
global production hovers around 2m tons annually .
china refuses to give hong kong right to choose leaders ; protesters vow vengeance
china &apos;s parliament decided sunday against letting hong kong voters nominate candidates for the 2017 election , despite growing agitation for democratic reform .
the move is likely to spark long-promised protests in hong kong &apos;s business district , as activists began planning and mobilizing within hours of the announcement .
the decision by china &apos;s national people &apos;s congress essentially allows communist leaders to weed out any candidates not loyal to beijing .
&quot; it &apos;s not unexpected , but it is still infuriating , &quot; said legislator emily lau , chairwoman of the democratic party .
this is not what beijing promised .
they &apos;ve lied to the people of hong kong .
and it &apos;s clear we are dealing with an authoritarian regime .
defending china &apos;s ruling , li fei , deputy secretary general of the standing committee of the national people &apos;s congress , said allowing public nominations in the election for hong kong &apos;s leader would be too &quot; chaotic . &quot;
since 1997 , when britain handed control of hong kong back to china , beijing had promised to allow the region &apos;s residents to vote for the chief executive beginning in 2017 .
chinese leaders presented the sunday ruling as a democratic breakthrough because it gives hong kongers a direct vote , but the decision also makes clear that chinese leaders would retain a firm hold on the process through a nominating committee tightly controlled by beijing .
and , according to a new clause , only candidates who &quot; love the country , and love hong kong &quot; would be allowed .
the ruling comes after a summer that has featured some of the largest and most high-profile protests in hong kong in years .
behind much of the pro-democracy campaign in hong kong is the occupy central with love and peace movement , whose organizers have threatened to shut down the financial district if beijing does not grant authentic universal suffrage .
on sunday night , within hours of the announcement , hundreds of occupy central supporters had assembled in the rain outside the hong kong government &apos;s headquarters .
at the demonstration , organizers said that their movement was entering a new stage of civil disobedience and that they would mount waves of protests in the coming weeks .
however , they did not give details , apparently looking to avoid problems with authorities .
in an online statement , organizers said the movement &quot; has considered occupying central only as the last resort , an action to be taken only if all chances of dialogue have been exhausted and there is no other choice .
we are very sorry to say that today all chances of dialogue have been exhausted and the occupation of central will definitely happen .
authorities in hong kong have been preparing for beijing &apos;s announcement for days , and security was tight sunday at the government headquarters , with police and barricades deployed .
driving the unrest is a sense among many in hong kong that they are slowly losing control over their city .
an influx of mainlanders is fueling competition for products and services .
there is also growing fear that hong kong &apos;s values , such as democracy and freedom of speech , are beginning to bend under increasing pressure from beijing .
some have criticized the occupy central movement , saying its demonstrations put business - the lifeblood of hong kong - at risk .
&quot; the protest they are talking about , it could result in much economic damage , depending on how many are involved and for how long , &quot; said legislator regina ip , who has long criticized the movement .
we don &apos;t want concern to spread that hong kong is getting out of control .
this is a perception that is bad for investment .
china &apos;s state-run media also has run stories in recent days painting hong kong &apos;s democracy activists as agents of subversion directed by western powers .
this summer , activists organized an unofficial referendum on voting rights that drew 780,000 participants - more than a fifth of hong kong voters .
and in july , tens of thousands turned out for one of the largest pro-democracy demonstrations in the region &apos;s history .
us prom culture hits university life with freshers offered private jet entrances
we &apos;re excited to be answering this demand by launching the uk &apos;s first luxurious travel service for the students of today .
to make the maximum impact arriving at university , the company also offers transport options including private jet , rolls-royce phantom , aston martin or mclaren p1 .
mr stewart also claimed the service had a safety aspect .
the service is an ideal alternative for students who would usually have to haul their belongings across the country in a dangerously overloaded car .
paired with our new vif options , we &apos;re looking forward to ensuring this year students reach university with minimum fuss and maximum luxury .
a spokesman for the company said that because the service has just launched there have been no bookings yet but added that &quot; students will be booking the service over the next few weeks . &quot;
the company also said that despite students facing tuition fees of £ 9,000 a year , it still expected to find a market for the service .
students of today are quite different in terms of expectations and aspirations , compared to students 10 , 20 , 30 or 40 years ago - it &apos;s more important than ever to make a great first impression and vif is just the way to do that .
however , the national union of students criticised the service as out of touch .
megan dunn , nus vice president for higher education , said : &quot; this scheme seems incredibly out of touch with the lives of the majority of students .
many students starting university this month are facing a cost of living crisis , with available financial support in loans and grants failing to keep pace with spiralling bills for basic essentials , before they can even start thinking about forking out thousands of pounds for something as simple arriving at their halls of residence .
feminists take on race and police conduct post-ferguson
the unarmed teenager was killed by a police officer in ferguson , mo . , earlier this month .
attendees hold their hands up while chanting , &quot; hands up , don &apos;t shoot , &quot; as they wait in line before the funeral .
after two weeks of protests in ferguson , mo. over the shooting of unarmed teenager michael brown , blogger miriam zoila perez noticed a shift in the online conversation among white feminists .
in her experience , white feminist commenters prioritized gender above race when it came to pushing forward reproductive rights and income inequality .
but as tensions rose in the midwest and drew nationwide coverage , perez saw responses from white women that centered 100 percent around race .
compared to the responses of black women soon after the shooting on august 9 , the personal essays with titles like &quot; thoughts on ferguson as a white woman &quot; and &quot; feminism is not just about women &apos;s oppression &quot; came relatively late .
but to perez , it demonstrated a significant shift .
&quot; in feminism , i don &apos;t think you get a lot of people talking about whiteness and privilege in such a high level way , &quot; she said .
people felt called to voice something about what happened .
it &apos;s very emblematic of the crisis we face and because &#91; the situation in ferguson &#93; is so racialized , they have to call that out .
for ohio state university english professor koritha mitchell , ferguson brought to light issues that black american women face every day but that aren &apos;t seen as &quot; women &apos;s issues &quot; in the cultural sphere .
&quot; i can post something funny on facebook about what &apos;s going on with me and my partner and it will get 150 likes from all over the place , &quot; said mitchell .
when i post something about how people of color are under siege in their own country , the silence is deafening .
&quot; how is it safe for women to speak publicly about relationships but not about safety in the public sphere ? &quot; she asked .
for black women like mitchell who have studied race , gender and sexuality in u.s. history , there is no dichotomy between issues regarding race and gender .
to her , black women have not had the luxury of neatly separating the issues ; they live the combined reality every day .
while white women are now combining issues of race and gender in mainstream feminist spheres , angela hattery , women and gender studies professor at george mason university , says their predecessors did the opposite .
&quot; between 1865 and 1890 , at least 10,000 black men were lynched and the justification was almost always the rape of a white woman , &quot; said hattery .
you needed the white woman to be complicit in the narrative to justify the lynching .
to hattery , the breakdown between white and black women came when white suffragists like susan b. anthony surveyed the landscape in the late 1800s and saw that the fight for voting rights would only work for one group at a time : women or blacks .
&quot; they made the decision to put their eggs in the basket for votes for women and votes for blacks would come later , &quot; said hattery .
to look back at things like that gives us a powerful perspective on why women of color don &apos;t trust white women .
we haven &apos;t done a good job .
we haven &apos;t helped black women protect their husbands and sons ever .
even after women won the right to vote in 1920 , it took a decade for white women to organize against lynching as the association of southern woman for the prevention of lynching .
the group came nearly 40 years after black women originally asked for assistance , said mitchell .
to mitchell , the upswell of white feminist responses to the issues raised by ferguson - police conduct , racial discrimination - reflect the times white feminists have had to play &quot; catch up &quot; to issues black women have grappled with for generations .
&quot; wouldn &apos;t it be great if the activists who have those &#91; traditional feminist &#93; platforms took as seriously the right to raise a child as they did their right to have birth control ? &quot; posed mitchell .
second wave feminists who made careers out of fighting for reproductive rights and access to birth control are now figuring out what that means .
noted white feminist activist gloria steinem took to facebook two weeks after michael brown &apos;s shooting to post a pointed column by guardian columnist rebecca carroll that demanded more protest from white americans on the issue of racism .
&quot; i hope women , who have a different but parallel reason for understanding a danger that is located in the body - and racial opinions that are measurably different in public polls - will lead the change , &quot; steinem wrote .
although steinem has vouched for a more intersectional feminism that includes issues of race as well as gender , her comments on race in america still puzzle some .
american enterprise institute scholar christina sommers , author of &quot; who stole feminism ? , &quot; told she the people that young men in the united states , especially young men of color , are &quot; far more vulnerable than their sisters , &quot; but steinem &apos;s remarks on ferguson counter the criticism she has launched in the past .
we now have hundreds of special programs for girls and young women , but almost nothing for boys .
but when the white house recently initiated a small program , my brother &apos;s keeper , to help vulnerable black and hispanic young men , there was an angry reaction from many feminists , including gloria steinem .
police relations with the black community is not the only issue pushing to the forefront of mainstream feminism .
after u.s. border patrol apprehended nearly 63,000 unaccompanied minors at the country &apos;s southwest border this year , immigration reform surfaced once again - this time as a women &apos;s issue .
andrea mercado , co-chair of we belong together , an organization mobilizing women for immigration reform , said that in order to rebrand the issue as essential for women , all she needed to do was share immigrant women &apos;s stories .
&quot; they speak for themselves , &quot; mercado said .
when the vast majority of employment visas are given to &#91; male immigrants &#93; , the women who come with them are left in a position vulnerable to domestic violence and exploitation .
&quot; these stories resonate with women &apos;s organizations , &quot; she said .
ipswich &apos; pig in residence &apos; house for sale
a picture for a house for sale in suffolk was removed by estate agents when it emerged it showed a large pig at rest in the living room .
on sale for £ 120,000 , the detached one-bedroom property sits on a private road in ipswich .
the particulars featured a picture of the living room of the house - which included a pig with its head resting on a settee .
estate agents connells said the pig in the photo was the home owner &apos;s pet .
&quot; however , the photo was put up in error and has since been removed , &quot; a spokeswoman for the company said .
in the particulars for the property , connells described the former meeting house as a &quot; unique one bedroom detached house . &quot;
although the agency has removed the image from its website , it still appears in publicity material .
the house sale has sparked interest on social media , where some have enquired whether the pig is included in the sale .
sw town of harvey has fresh millionaire after lotto win
a harvey lotto player is in the month .
the search is on for a new millionaire in perth &apos;s south-west , with one lucky person taking home nearly $ 1.1 million from saturday night &apos;s lotto draw .
a harvey newsagency struck gold in the division one draw for the second time in five years , the last being $ 1 million in november 2009 .
however the lucky winner has yet to come forward .
owner of the store steve forward said the win was creating a buzz around the small town in perth &apos;s south west .
it &apos;s the talk of the town and everyone is pretty excited .
we thought a win like this might be close .
eight wa winners have celebrated division one wins last month , capping off a lucky few weeks for the state &apos;s players .
last week a canning vale player became one of five august millionaire &apos;s , following a belmont couple &apos;s massive $ 7.5 million win only a few weeks prior .
the winning couple had played the game for twenty years and said the win gifted them the opportunity to travel the world and buy a new house .
the harvey millionaire brings wa up to 59 division one winners for the year , totalling in nearly $ 85 million .
leonidas begged in the gladiatorial arena
it was not only the gladiators that stood ankle deep in the mud at the park during rheinbach &apos;s first roman day .
the appeal of the event was so great that it attracted more than 1000 visitors yesterday , who braved the rain and autumn chill , and who were completely taken in by the historical show .
there was a colorful start with representations , performances , games , exhibition pieces and information on roman times and their significance to the rhineland .
the main attraction of the day was undoubtedly the martial arts group from the gladiator school &quot; amor mortis &quot; , which , every time it stopped raining , seized the opportunity to demonstrate their robust martial arts in the soft sand covered arena .
the owner of gladiators &quot; leonidas &quot; proved himself to be a humorous and expert presenter , who sent men , one after one , into the ring for a heroic duel in a variety of gladiatorial genres .
at first the &quot; provocateurs &quot; were lined up with a rectangular shield and short sword , as well a cuisse on the left leg , and a vembrace on the right arm .
then there were the &quot; essedarii &quot; wearing a breast-plate , and carrying a short sword and a spear , as well as an iron gladiator helmet , a cuisse and an arm guard .
what was particular impressive was the performance of the &quot; retiarius &quot; , who went up against the &quot; secutor &quot; with a cast-net , trident and dagger , and who , after a short fight , knocked the guys to the ground .
the swords clashed against one another , the shields clanked and the spears flew , zooming through the arena , so much so that you feared for the safety of the gladiators .
however , the gigantic &quot; summa rudis &quot; , a muscular referee , constantly kept a keen eye on them .
&quot; we wanted to revive the roman everyday life , and enable the culture of roman times to be experienced &quot; , lorenz euskirchen , the chairman of the events organization &quot; freundeskreis römerkanal &quot; explained as the intention behind the spectacle .
claus wehage , the deputy mayor , announced in his welcome speech that after two years of preparation , the park was transformed for one day into an &quot; oppidum romanum &quot; , a roman city .
in the end , the romans not only brought war and conquest to our region , but also the roman culture and numerous buildings , which we can still admire today .
some of these remains could also be marveled at during the roman day , such as &quot; aduädukt-marmor &quot; from the eleven-meter high , and 1400 meter long , roman canal bridge , which is the only one in lüftelberg .
the frontinus organization compared , both then and now , the water and energy supply , and the managing director , petra fricke , said : &quot; we still derive benefit today from the knowledge of back then &quot; .
this was confirmed by the surveyor ralph heiliger from &quot; ingenieurteamzwei &quot; in rheinback , who introduced the instruments used by the romans for surveying , such as the chorobat , groma and dioptra .
the römervilla in blankenheim presented sketches and models of the excavations of 1894 , as well as bricks made from the original hypocaust , forced-air heating , which was once used to warm up römervilla .
the footprints of a wolf and fox from two thousand years ago were also impressive , and were left behind after they trod in clay before it was burnt .
in 2011 the office of archaeological monument conservation at the state association in rheinland excavated the remains of a roman villa in an industrial estate in north rheinbach .
the enclosing walls of an agricultural building were discovered and contained a kiln for drying crops and malting .
the building probably belonged to a villa rustica , an agricultural manor , archaeologist dr. jennifer morscheiser explained .
a range of finds from the excavation were presented in a glass cabinet , among which were a large plate , several fine glass jars and parts of a small necklace .
morscheiser presumed that the villa was there from between the first and fourth century anno domini until the invasion of the germanic people in the former roman rheinland .
the children also kept themselves busy playing the roman windmills game , similar to today &apos;s mill game , or they wrote , as did the roman pupils at the time , their names with metal pens on wax tablets .
at the roman thermal bath stand from zülpich , the children were allowed to lay mosaics themselves ; at the rheinbach glass museum stand they made glass mosaics ; and at the eifel nettersheim nature center stand , they got to use a heavy wheat mill made of stone so they could grind the flour needed for a pita bread or muesli .
the visitors rode through the park in a roman carriage , which had been reconstructed to be true to the original , and pulled along by two cold blood horses , and also passed by the impressive city gym stand , where the results of their &quot; roman project week &quot; were revealed .
from 13 to 21 september , the community of wachtberg will also participate in a roman week , in what is being called roman year 2014 throughout the rhineland . the event will remember the death of kaiser augustus 2000 years ago .
together with the clubs dedicated to local , regional and historical traditions and characteristics , as well as the wachtberg hiking club , the partnership association , and the oberbachem amateur dramatics club , hiking , recitals , cooking evening and guidance for school classes , among other things , will be offered , and the roman history of wachtberg shall be remembered .
the roman legionnaire will , for example , talk about his drafty work in wachtberg ; plants will be presented as living monuments of roman times , and a humorous lesson on the matter of international understanding between a &quot; germanic &quot; group from wachtberg and roman invaders will be showcased .
adendorf elementary school has devoted itself to a week-long , roman-themed project .
the roman week should , once again , enable us to experience the numerous and common , yet , at first glance , no longer visible , traces of the romans in wachtberg .
wachtberg town hall will give a small presentation on the sanctuary in berkum , which was found in 1879 .
ebola : the epidemic is putting strain on west africa &apos;s economy
the ebola epidemic in west africa is also a huge hit for the economy .
markets have been abandoned , and international companies are keeping their distance .
the devastating ebola epidemic has dealt the economy in west africa a heavy blow .
crops are rotting in the fields , mines have been deserted , and the markets have been abandoned . the virus has cost the region dearly .
even some international companies are keeping their distance .
&quot; the ebola epidemic is not only a medical crisis , but also an economic one &quot; , the head of the african development bank , donald kaberuka , concluded .
liberia is the most affected country
&quot; it is a total catastrophe ; we are losing a lot of money &quot; , alhaji bamogo said , who sells clothes in the second largest market in liberia &apos;s capital city , monrovia .
the only people to come to the market are those who want to buy food or disinfectant against ebola .
liberia is the country most affected by the virus ; here alone more than 600 people have fallen victim to the fever .
the health authorities recently explained that the disease has reached all corners of the country .
the virus has even spread to guinea , sierra leone and nigeria .
in total , more than 1500 people have already died , and thousands more have been infected .
foreign businesses are pulling their employees out
all over countries rich with resources , companies are suspending operations .
foreign companies such as the steel group arcelor mittal are withdrawing their employees , and several international airlines are no longer flying to affected regions .
even local traders and farmers are reacting : only a few business people are still leaving their home towns to replenish their supplies .
in some areas of sierra leone and liberia , where they have been put under quarantine , cacao and coffee beans , to name a few , and which are important for export , are rotting in the fields .
the farmers do not dare leave their homes for the crops .
food suppliers are scarce
&quot; people are traveling less and less &quot; , phillipe de vreyer , a parisian expert on the economy of west africa said .
for example , a man , who normally goes to the market and sells his vegetables , is choosing to stay at home .
the population is , therefore , facing the consequences of the epidemic head on and feeling the pressure : food suppliers are scarce .
the supply of staple foods such as rice is dwindling in the markets .
at the same time , the image of the region , which is heavily reliant on international companies , is under threat , and this has far-reaching consequences .
the biggest danger is that international companies are avoiding the region for what is essentially a long time , phillippe hugon , from the french think tank , iris , said .
what is crucial is how wide and how long the virus will continue to spread .
investors may get the impression &quot; that it is dangerous to live in guinea , sierra leone and liberia , and , therefore , also to invest &quot; , hugon warned .
the disease is also burdening the already strained national budgets of the states
the disease is also burdening the already strained national budgets of the affected states .
the rating agency moody &apos;s fears that their budgets are being heavily strained by the high expenditure on the health system , and also by the declining economy .
the african development bank has already promised to provide financial aid to the tune of 60 million dollars ( 45 million euros ) to the health systems of affected countries .
the effects in nigeria , where up to now only a few ebola cases have been diagnosed , are already noticeable .
yet the oil-rich region in the south of the niger delta is not yet affected .
however , elsewhere , many people are already staying at home for fear of becoming infected .
there is even a marked decline in the number of hotel reservations .
shooters are celebrating their 50th anniversary
the gun club &quot; tannenwald &quot; in berngau is celebrating its 50th anniversary from 12th to 14th september .
the preparations for the party are well underway in tannenwald gun club , which will celebrate 50 years since being established on 12th to 14th september .
the plan for friday 12th september is an evening of entertainment provided by the group &quot; dorfrocker &quot; .
the large cannon will be fired on saturday at 18 : 00 .
followed by a pleasant evening with &quot; stoapfälzer spitzbuam &quot; ( stoapfälzer rascals ) in a large party tent .
a brass band will be catering for the music
the highlights on sunday will be the festival service , which will take place at 9 : 30am in the parish church , and also the processions at 2pm .
there will also be a ranking announcement in the afternoon for the national and county shooting competition .
a particularly attractive sight will be the 25 festival women in their dirndls .
the festival band will be berngau brass band .
mayor wolfgang wild and state secretary albert füracker have taken on the sponsorship .
the original name , &quot; schützengesellschaft tannenwald berngau &quot; ( gun society tannenwald berngau ) dates back to 1907 , when , on 21st march , the club was founded and described as &quot; social entertainment by means of pistol and small-caliber target practice &quot; .
in 1937 the nazi regime closed the club down .
then on 30th april 1964 , 19 young men founded the club again , and launched the &quot; new &quot; gun club &quot; tannenwald &quot; in berngau at lukas guest-house .
karl märz and adolf ried led the club as range officers during its tough early years . the main objective then was to find a club pub and set up a shooting company .
as early as autumn 1965 the shooting club started out in &quot; leininger &quot; guest house with two teams competing against one another .
the following year , target shooting was set up as a sport , organized into seven teams , ranging in ability , all the way up to the local premier league .
the club records roll out every year , and the magic 380 rounds were set up for the first time in 1980 by rudi meier .
just as the achievements of the active members has increased , so have the number of members .
once the club pub &quot; leininger &quot; no longer met the requirements of a modern gun club , the club &apos;s management at the time , lead by johann rinn , decided to set up its future home in the basement room of the new &quot; landgasthof härteis &quot; ( a country hotel ) .
after 2700 hours of hard work , father strasser issued the blessing of the church for the new guns room on 8th may 1988 .
one of the greatest highlights in the history of the club was without doubt the 44th local shooting competition , which is linked to the formal consecration of the new shooting flag in july 1991 .
on 23rd and 24th april 1994 , the shooting club celebrated its 30th anniversary .
in 1995 the cannon group was founded .
josef schmalzl was the head of the cannon division .
organizing the bavarian cannon meeting in 2005 was a huge challenge for the &quot; cannon shooters &quot; , and for the club as a whole .
many hours of voluntary work was dedicated by members of the club last year to modernize the rooms and shooting facilities in the berngau courtyard , making it state of the art .
eleven teams go head to head
the sporting achievements of the shooting club are also impressive .
currently there are a total of eleven teams that are taking part in the competitions : six air rifles teams , one pellet gun team , one kk1 sport target pistol team , one youth team and two old-timer teams .
the first team comprised of lars ellrich , katharina ellrich , steffi grad and kerstin kellermann was promoted to number 1 in the regional league in 2013 / 14 , up from the local premier league ( the highest of the shooting leagues in the anb ) .
the second team comprised of verena moosburger , alexandra meier , eva schuhmann and tobias graml was promoted from the north local league to the local premier league .
in addition to shooting , events such as bockstechen , fasching and königsball , club excursions and also christmas celebrations are all club traditions .
the shooters also attend the parish and community festivals .
tony stewart crashes in return to track
tony stewart &apos;s return to the track has ended only a little over halfway through his race at atlanta motor speedway .
stewart hit the wall for the second time after his right front tire blew out on lap 172 , ending his night .
stewart drove his battered car to the garage and then exited without speaking to reporters .
his crew chief chad johnston said the 14 team was disappointed , but will now start focusing on next weekend &apos;s race in richmond , virginia .
&quot; i wish we could have had a better effort and a better finish for him , &quot; johnston said .
we &apos;ll go on to richmond and hope we can do better there .
stewart first went into the wall earlier in sunday night &apos;s race following a collision with kyle busch , requiring work to the right side of his car .
&quot; i went into today with some pretty good hopes of finishing well , &quot; johnston said , adding , &quot; it just didn &apos;t work out . &quot;
not long after the second crash , stewart &apos;s car was loaded onto the hauler and the team was packed up and ready to leave .
stewart skipped three nascar sprint cup races after his car struck and killed a fellow driver in a dirt-track race in upstate new york .
he decided to return this week , needing to win either at atlanta or the next race at richmond to claim a spot in the chase .
he returned to work as an investigation into the tragic incident that resulted in the death of 20-year-old kevin ward jr . , who had stepped on the track to confront stewart during a race .
authorities said friday that the probe into the cause of the crash will last at least another two weeks .
no decision has been made about whether stewart will face charges .
the three-time champion received a big cheer when he was introduced before the race .
starting in the 12th spot , stewart ran in the top 10 early in the race , getting as high as fourth .
then , on lap 122 after a restart , busch &apos;s no .
18 machine got loose coming out of turn 2 and banged into stewart , sending both cars against the wall .
stewart carried on but dropped back to 21st .
dance-crazy youths wanted
just try it : laura , lena , lisa , marie , bettina , emma and manager lisa neitzel ( from left to right ) are looking forward to new members .
like many other clubs , the jazz group also runs a day-long class in tv jahn in order to make it to the prep school .
some groups have seen sharp declines in attendees after the summer holidays .
now , they are eagerly on the look out for youths for a sport which is healthy and a lot of fun .
there are now only nine children in both the jazz and modern dance group given by lisa neitzel , former dancer in the jazz and modern dance formation &quot; spirits &quot; .
the 20-year old tells us there are &quot; three in the eight to twelves , six in the twelves to 15 &quot; .
if there were more active participants , the whole thing would be a lot more fun , &quot; we could dance to completely different choreographs &quot; , she said .
anyone interested in dancing can come along and have a go , there is no obligation to join . the session run on thursdays between 5 and 6 , and on fridays from 5 until 6 : 30 pm in the dance room at what was hotel meyer , 9 freistraße .
&quot; training usually starts with a warm up program &quot; , the trainer explained .
we then practice different choreographs .
jazzdance is such that there is no hard and fast way of doing it , which makes it open to many styles .
elements ranging from folklore and classical to sports and acrobatics are worked into jazz dance .
and of course , the socializing isn &apos;t bad either .
&quot; we sometimes go out to eat , watch dance films , and we have also slept over in the dance hall before now &quot; , lisa neitzel tells us .
you can make friends in the group , share a wonderful hobby , and also do a great deal for your own motor development .
if jazz is not your thing , then you can also come along and try out one of the other groups offered by tv jahn .
children and youngsters are always welcome to pop in and have a go during wednesday &apos;s class . they can choose from children &apos;s dancing / jazz , video clip dancing and hip-hop .
the dance teacher is francisco afonso .
adult couples are welcome to attend the dance evenings on mondays and wednesdays .
if you are interested in discofox , slow waltzes , viennese waltzes , rumba , cha-cha-cha or the tango , drop in and take part .
bulgaria &apos;s prison officers stage national protest
hundreds of prison workers from across bulgaria have held a national protest in front the justice ministry in the capital sofia .
in a peaceful demonstration , they have reiterated their calls for the old working conditions , which were recently changed , to be restored .
higher salaries are also among a list of requests due to be discussed with interim justice minister hristo ivanov .
for a month , officers have protested symbolically against the new working hours , demanding to return to the old 24 hour shifts .
despite the meetings between the prison officers union and the justice ministry representatives , an agreement was not reached , bulgarian national radio ( bnr ) informs .
negotiations are ongoing , the head of the chief directorate on the execution of penalties rosen zhelyazkov told bnr .
the protest of the prison workers union is expected to be joined by members of the trade union federation of the employees in the ministry of interior .
ukrainian army has abandoned luhansk airport
pro-russian fighters are gaining ground again in east ukraine .
following heavy fighting in which russian tank divisions are also said to have participated , the ukrainian army has today , monday , abandoned luhansk airport , the rebel stronghold .
the army announced at the same time that over the past 24 hours , seven soldiers have been killed .
the ukrainian president , petro poroschenko , had previously taken appropriate action personally due to the heavy defeats suffered by his army in the fight against the separatists , and announced changes to the senior leadership of the army without going into detail .
pro-russian separatists shot down an aircraft
in the fight against ukrainian government troops , pro-russian separatists say that they have once again shot down a warplane and two military helicopters .
rebel forces announced on monday that around 100 soldiers are also believed to have been injured or killed in fighting in the donezk region ; according to russian agencies .
coastguard ships sunk
the rebels also claimed that for the first time they have sunk two of the ukrainian coastguard &apos;s boats in the sea of azov .
the ukrainian border police confirmed that two of its ships came under fire on sunday near to the harbor town of mariupol .
during the attack seven border guards were injured , according to a spokesperson speaking to the station 112.ua in kiev .
two crew members are missing .
local media blamed russia for the incident .
in addition to this , the separatists reported that they have taken control of several towns and villages in the donezk region .
diplomatic offensive in minsk
the ukrainian contract group are meeting today in the belorussian capital city of minsk .
representatives from ukraine , russia and the osce , as well as an ambassador for the separatists from east ukraine should take part .
prior to the meeting , all parties used their appearance as a means of publicly announcing their demands .
nato does not want to break agreements with russia
nato will not break their agreements with russian as a result of their planned deployment to east europe in response to the ukrainian crisis .
in brussels on monday , the secretary general of nato , anders fogh rasmussen , said that nato will adhere to the nato-russia council formation agreement of 1997 .
nevertheless , the head of nato accused russia of &quot; a flagrant breach &quot; of the agreement .
&quot; today we must face up to the reality that russia does not consider nato as a partner &quot; , rasmussen said .
documents and statements from the russian side reveal &quot; that they consider us as enemies &quot; .
strengthened nato presence
rasmussen also announced that he wants to strengthen the presence of nato in east europe .
a nato summit meeting in wales to decide on a &quot; readiness action plan &quot; will ensure that &quot; we will have a more visible nato presence in the east , if needs be &quot; , rasmussen explained in brussels on monday .
kiev and moscow have agreed to new talks on gas
according to official data , russia and ukraine have agreed to new talks to settle disputes over gas .
the negotiations have been scheduled to take place next saturday , the russian minister of energy , alexander nowak , said on monday .
the decision of the european union as to whether they will also send a representative to the talks is yet to be made .
due to the disputes over gas prices , ukraine has not been receiving fuel from russia for weeks .
the eu energy commissioner , günther oettinger has recently arbitrated between the two sides .
ukraine warned that russia could also suspend the gas supply to europe .
europe purchases around one third of its natural gas from russian sources , a large proportion of which flows through ukraine .
merkel puts her foot down : &quot; let &apos;s be clear &quot; , tolls will come
once again the chancellor makes herself clear .
however , there is still no charter explaining all the complex details .
stiff opposition from the cdu against the tolls is making the csu increasingly angrier .
following persistent opposition from the cdu , the chancellor of germany , angela merkel , has put her foot down with regard to the introduction of tolls .
&quot; let &apos;s be crystal clear : they are mentioned in the coalition agreement , and we will have them &quot; , the party leader said on monday following a cdu party conference with top committees in berlin .
but merkel has not , for the time being , established a detailed model .
&quot; certain parameters &quot; were mentioned in the black-red government program .
the minister of transport , alexander dobrindt ( csu ) &quot; made a suggestion , and we are continuing to work on it &quot; .
the nw-cdu , however , is insisting that tolls on all streets be objected against .
merkel stressed that even the minister of finance , wolfgang schäuble ( cdu ) , is participating constructively in the consultations on the draft bill .
he has spoken with dobrindt on the topic and about further possibilities for capitalizing more and investing more in infrastructure , such as developing broadband .
&quot; there is nothing special about it &quot; . on sunday , schäuble let an article in the spiegel pass without comment , which stated that his house is testing its own concept for compensating motorway investors with returns on the tolls - after the 2017 election .
as a result , the leader of the csu , horst seehofer , warned about developing toll concepts in the cabinet against the minister in charge .
the deputy leader of the cdu , armin laschet , reinforced his objections .
&quot; the coalition agreement never assumed that all district and a-roads would get tolls &quot; , the state chairman for north rhine-westphalia said .
the fact that seehofer has now announced that he will discuss this topic again is an important sign .
opposition to the plans has also been received from the cdu state association in baden-württemberg and rhineland-palatinate .
this is due to concerns that a toll would have a negative impact on small-scale border traffic to neighboring states .
seehofer has demanded loyalty to the coalition following criticism of the tolls from members of the cdu .
die linke ( the lefties ) are considering the plans a failure given the arguing within the union .
&quot; the messed up toll is dead &quot; , bernd riexinger , the party leader , told the &quot; neuen osnabrücker zeitung &quot; ( newspaper ) on monday .
&quot; if the toll fails , the minister fails &quot; . dobrindt wants to introduce an obligation to have toll labels on all german streets as of 2016 .
according to the coalition agreement , car owners in german must not , however , have to face additional charges .
as such , road tax should be offset against tolls for them .
according to eu law , however , the model must not disadvantage foreign drivers due to their nationality .
genetic disorder often misdiagnosed
a british woman says she spent many years thinking she was going to die after a misdiagnosis .
karin rodgers spent most of her teenage life believing that she only had years to live after she was diagnosed with another disease .
she actually had charcot-marie-tooth disease ( cmt ) - a group of inherited disorders that damage nerves outside the brain and spine .
charity cmt uk said that misdiagnosis is a common problem among people with cmt because so little is known about the condition .
about 23,000 people in the uk are thought to have cmt , which can cause motor symptoms such as muscle weakness , an awkward gait and curled toes .
sufferers can also experience numbness or pain and the condition is incurable and progressive , meaning symptoms get worse over time .
when rodgers was 13 she was under the impression that she suffered from friedreich &apos;s ataxia ( fa ) - a condition which had a very poor prognosis .
rodgers thought that she was going to be wheelchair bound by the time she was 18 and dead before she reached her 30s .
the mother-of-two , who is now 51 , said : &quot; as a child i knew i couldn &apos;t do the same things as others .
i was falling daily and everything took me longer to do .
i could never roller-skate or skateboard with other kids and got bullied at school a lot because of the way i walked and ran .
rodgers said when she was aged 13 , after several operations to release her achilles tendons and straighten out her feet , she took a peak at her medical notes when her consultant left the room which said that she suffered from fa .
&quot; i felt guilty because i &apos;d been nosy and so i didn &apos;t tell anybody , but i did come home , look up the condition at the library and wrote to the fa association , &quot; she said .
when i got the information back i was gobsmacked and in the worst state of panic possible .
i thought i &apos;d be in a wheelchair at 18 and dead by the time i was 25 and in between gradually lose all my ability .
i was going through this on my own and i planned my own funeral .
she said by the time she reached 17 she realised that her walking abilities hadn &apos;t deteriorated as much as she thought they would have and asked her surgeon about it .
he just stood up and hugged me and said &apos; my dear i don &apos;t think you have it , as you would be in a wheelchair now . &apos; 
i think you have something a lot less life threatening .
after some genetic testing she was found to have cmt .
&quot; when he explained what cmt was , i thought i &apos;d drawn the lucky straw , &quot; she said .
charity cmt uk has launched cmt awareness month to try to draw attention to the condition .
retired sergeant major berni biether has been working as an artificer ever since the closure of the former military training ground
not a shot has been fired in the former military training ground in münsingen for almost ten years .
nevertheless , deadly ammunition turns up in the center of the biosphere region of swabian jura every month .
the shells are sometimes so dangerous still that they have to be detonated there .
a deafening bang echoes across the center of the biosphere region upon detonation .
the last live round to be fired at the military training ground in münsingen was in december 2004 , which , at the end of 2005 , after 110 years of military operation , was closed down .
since then , the 6500 hectares of land has been the center of the swabian jura &apos;s biosphere region , which opened up 13 designated pathways for hikers and cyclists .
washington-area business owners &quot; tax burden mounts as economy rebounds
a rebounding economy means more customers , higher sales and new jobs .
it also means higher taxes .
state and local tax bills for companies across the country grew modestly last year as the economic recovery accelerated , according to new research released last week , and washington-area firms were no exception .
district , maryland and virginia businesses collectively paid $ 27.6 billion to state and local coffers in fiscal 2013 , an increase of 3.8 percent over the $ 26.6 billion collected in 2012 .
businesses &quot; state and local tax burdens last year expanded by 4.3 percent , to $ 671 billion , compared with 3.9 percent the year before , and it was the third consecutive year of growth after back-to-back years of shrinking bills in 2009 and 2010 .
state taxes rose at a faster clip , 4.3 percent , than local levies , 3.9 percent , according to the study , which was conducted by professional services firm ernst &amp; young and the center on state taxation , a tax policy group .
more than half of the district &apos;s tax revenue , 56 percent , comes from business taxes , while 36 percent of maryland &apos;s revenue comes from firms .
virginia , at 28 percent , generates the least amount of tax revenue , proportionately , from business .
much of the growth in tax revenue is being driven by a rebound in companies &quot; real estate values , researchers say , which pushed property taxes up 3.7 percent this year after three consecutive years of sub-1 percent growth .
while a large share of those gains came from big states such as california , new york and texas , it appears to be the same story in the washington area as well .
companies in the district , maryland and virginia collectively forked over $ 10 billion in state and local property taxes last year , up from $ 9.6 billion in 2012 - year-over-year growth of 4.2 percent .
but the apparent bounceback in property values isn &apos;t doing nearly as much to inflate state and local tax revenues in maryland , where property taxes amount to barely more than a fifth of companies &quot; tax bills .
virginia and d.c. firms pay nearly half of their state and local tax bills in the form of property taxes .
&quot; what &apos;s happening in maryland is that so much of their property , especially the tax base surrounding the d.c. area , is owned either by the government or by nonprofits , which don &apos;t pay property taxes , &quot; said douglas lindholm , executive director of the center on state taxation .
so maryland is forced to rely much more heavily on , for example , its income taxes to pay for the same services you have in other states .
the recent rebound in business tax revenue cannot all be attributed to the recovering real estate market .
business incomes also appear to be on the mend , according to the data .
companies in the region reported state corporate income taxes of $ 2.3 billion , up from $ 2.1 billion in 2012 .
maryland collected $ 1 billion in corporate income tax revenue , the most in the region .
while trending in the same direction , the local tax burden on businesses isn &apos;t growing at the same pace in all three places .
the district &apos;s rate of growth was level with the national average , at 4.3 percent , while maryland &apos;s growth was substantially faster at 4.9 percent .
only virginia posted a below-average tax bill bump of 4.1 percent .
virginia has the lowest corporate income tax by far of the three jurisdictions ( all of which have flat corporate rates ) at 6 percent .
maryland &apos;s corporate rate is 8.25 percent , while the district &apos;s stands at a relatively high 9.975 percent .
a similar study by the u.s. chamber of commerce earlier this year showed that virginia had lower state and local business taxes and an overall better business tax climate than maryland .
the district wasn &apos;t evaluated in the study .
despite its advantage , virginia is facing competitive pressure from its neighbor to the south .
north carolina recently signed legislation lowering its corporate rate this year from 6.9 percent to 6 percent , in line with virginia , and the rate will drop to 5 percent next year .
if the state continues to meet revenue goals in the coming year , the law could push the state &apos;s business income tax rate as low as 3 percent by 2017 .
meanwhile , small businesses in the washington region seem to be faring better and thus paying more state and local taxes , according to the recent study .
business taxes paid as personal income taxes by small business owners - the pass-through structure by which most small firms are organized - in the district , maryland and virginia surged 20 percent last year to $ 2.4 billion , a much faster rate of growth than overall business taxes .
researchers say that trend and the increase in business taxes nationwide are likely to continue this year , with overall sales tax revenue for state and local governments up 6.2 percent in the first three quarters of 2014 compared with the same period last year .
however , the washington area may lag behind as the slowdown in federal spending takes its toll on the region &apos;s labor market .
twin town : german beer for guangzhou
hops and malt - a popular combination even in china .
german beer is enjoying an excellent reputation in china .
frankfurt &apos;s twin town in china would like a brewery , and also hopes for a direct flight connection between the two cities .
german beer brewed in frankfurt &apos;s twin town of guangzhou - that is the burning desire of the chinese officials .
&quot; we would be delighted if a german brewery would set up business in our city &quot; , the deputy party secretary of the southern chinese city , li yiwei , said this week during a visit to the city by an spd delegate .
time and time again throughout the conversation , the official of the ruling communist party in china came back to this wish of the twelve million people metropolis .
guangzhou , which is also known as canton in germany , is one of the richest cities in china li advertised .
so , the people also have the buying power to afford german beer .
the hessian spd chairman thorsten schäfer-gümbel , who led the german delegation , said to the host that he would keeps his ears open in germany for a possible partner .
&quot; you don &apos;t need a lot to make beer : good water , grain and a zest for life &quot; , he added over lunch with the senior party member in guangzhou .
this zest for like already beams out of mr li , he said flattering the host .
after that , the official from guangzhou clicked glasses with schäfer-gümbel - albeit with red wine , which was served with dinner .
the chinese brand tsingtao has traces leading back to the german art of brewing .
tsingtao beer is brewed according to the german purity law .
more business operations
a second wish of the chinese host would be a direct flight connection between frankfurt and guangzhou , the deputy party leader , li , said .
lufthansa used to offer such a flight , but canceled it for economic reasons in 2012 .
&quot; it would be worth it again &quot; , the local politician seemed convinced .
&quot; the business operations between our two cities are continuing to grow &quot; .
at present , travelers would have to take a detour via changsha in the province of hunan , li complained .
the administration of the province of guangdong , whose capital city is guangzhou , is also hoping for a flight connection .
the deputy governor of the province , chen yunxian , emphasized this wish during his talks with the social democrat .
&quot; that is a very good idea &quot; , schäfer-gümbel answered - the chinese deputy minister , li jinjun , an intimate expert on germany , nodded in agreement .
well-cultivated partnership
the affable deputy party leader of guangzhou hopes to visit frankfurt next year for a partnership meeting .
li yiwei has already been to the main , but not in the capacity of his role .
he only took up office this year after his predecessor was removed from office over corruption allegations .
even the party leader of the region , wan qinglian , had to leave .
the action taken against the officials from guangzhou is part of the nationwide campaign against corruption in parties and the administration , which was rigorously implemented by the head of state , xi jinping .
before his career in politics , the new senior politician , li yiwei , worked for an american company , which is highly unusual in the chinese communist party .
before taking office in guangzhou , he was working as a senior official in fujian , where car manufacturer vw has built a large factory .
frankfurt has officially adopted more than a dozen twin cities .
guangzhou , one of the twin cities located some 9000 kilometers away , is a connection that will be well looked after and cherished by both sides ; for example , with a school exchange .
last year marked the 25 year of german-chinese relations .
the south china metropolis , which lies on the pearl river , is almost as strong as the whole of hessen thanks to its economic power .
next year they would like to reach a gross domestic product of 250 billion euros , li reported .
joan rivers &apos; family keeping &apos; our fingers crossed&apos;
joan rivers has been unconscious since her arrival three days ago at a new york city hospital , but her daughter expressed hope today that the 81-year-old comedian will recover from her illness .
&quot; thank you for your continued love and support , &quot; melissa rivers said in a statement today .
we are keeping our fingers crossed .
her mother arrived at mount sinai hospital thursday after an emergency call that she was in cardiac arrest at an upper east side clinic , yorkville endoscopy , sources said .
doctors are intentionally keeping her sedated and under close supervision until they &apos;re more comfortable with her condition , which remains &quot; serious . &quot;
reaction has been widespread , including overwhelming online support from the likes of donald trump , montel williams and kelly ripa .
environmentally friendly vacuum cleaners and increasing wages
strict environmental standards for the future shall apply to all cars and vacuum cleaners that go on sale as of today .
as of september 1st , new vacuum cleaners will come with a label , similar to that on refrigerators and washing machines , which will allow buyers to see key information at a glance , such as the energy efficiency of the appliance .
new cars that fall under the emissions class &quot; euro 6 &quot; will receive a higher nitric oxide value .
aside from this , there is more money for scaffolders : they will receive a minimum wage of 10.25 euros as standard across the whole of germany .
amazon buys twitch for $ 1.04 billion
amazon just confirmed what the information reported monday morning : the online retailer - and video producer , and a hundred other things - is buying video streaming service twitch for $ 1.04 billion ( $ us970 million ) .
the announcement comes as a surprise , not because no one expected twitch to be bought , but because youtube was widely expected to be the buyer .
three months ago the sale of twitch to google &apos;s video service , for a cool billion , looked all wrapped up , and the pairing seemed natural .
twitch , founded only three years ago as justin.tv , set out to be a general streaming service - a live version of youtube .
instead , it quickly became a platform for gamers to broadcast their in-game feats ; a &quot; youtube for live gaming , &quot; in business insider &apos;s words .
twitch &apos;s interface .
and &quot; let &apos;s play , &quot; a genre of videos in which wiseacres give ( mostly older ) games the mystery science theater treatment , are already popular on youtube .
the point is , youtube comes up a lot when describing twitch , so the news that youtube was acquiring twitch was greeted with a yawn , a textbook example of an entrenched tech company buying out a potential competitor .
it &apos;s a mystery why the deal with youtube fell through , considering it was reportedly willing to pay no less than amazon .
all we have at the moment is this statement from twitch ceo emmett shear : &quot; we chose amazon because they believe in our community , they share our values and long-term vision , and they want to help us get there faster . &quot;
another mystery , frankly , is twitch &apos;s incredible success .
to snobs like me who declare that they &apos;d rather play sports than watch them , it &apos;s hard to see the appeal of watching games rather than taking up a controller myself .
it &apos;s one thing to look over your friend &apos;s shoulder at 3 in the morning as she creeps through resident evil , and quite another to watch some rando get 20 headshots in a row in call of duty .
all the games you could be watching right now .
another problem is that many of today &apos;s most popular games are first-person , so watching footage of them , without controlling the viewpoint yourself , can be a do it right-worthy recipe for a headache .
i concede that speedruns , in which the roger bannisters of our electronic age complete entire games in record time , are entertaining .
but unless someone is a virtuoso at gaming or humour , his twitch channel isn &apos;t likely to be all that interesting .
but what do sceptics like me know ?
twitch has 55 million unique visitors monthly and is the fourth-largest source of peak internet traffic .
how , exactly , will amazon capitalise on this ?
it &apos;s hard to imagine twitch being folded into amazon instant video as elegantly as youtube could have just swallowed twitch .
but twitch has something any company would love to attract : hordes of advertiser-coveted young men .
as twitch chief shear said , amazon and twitch &quot; are both believers in the future of gaming , &quot; and the medium shows no sign of shrinking , even - gulp - as a spectator sport .
something is happening on the bouncy castle at the burggartenfest ( castle garden festival ) .
the organizers &apos; idea was right .
despite the heavy downpour of rain on saturday evening , approximately 1200 music fans went to the open air festival in the castle garden .
admission had to be stopped on occasion .
&quot; it was annoying &quot; , according to ron sem , one of the organizers .
salzwedel lights and fun .
maxim sachraj and ron sem coined the name &quot; armula &quot; from two spanish words .
since the open air castle garden in salzwedel was supposed to beam out bright lights during the wide range of daytime and evening shows .
well , you make your own fun anyway .
this was already apparent early on saturday when the first visitors set off for the open air .
the organizers promised a festival fit for all generations .
and that is what they delivered .
around the supplies stand located in the meadows of the castle garden , people from salzwedel , but also guests from near and far , made themselves at home .
they followed the first live performance , tapped their feet in time , and enjoyed refreshments . in short : pure relaxation and enjoyment .
and that goes for all generations .
whilst some people sprawled out on blankets placed on top of the white sand around the beach bar , which had been carted in especially , others indulged in a glass of wine in the wine store , and the kids went crazy on the bouncy castle , which was a huge attraction for the little guests .
however , even the children &apos;s face painting kept the volunteers &apos; hands full , in the strictest meaning of the word , as the children rushed to become men , and conjure up fanciful creations on their small faces .
the more grown up ones played on the football table or took part in a skateboard workshop , which the goodfoot-crew from salzwedel had organized .
and then the rain came .
shortly before 5 : 30 pm the rain pelted down onto the visitors ; and families did a runner in search of somewhere dry .
despite this , the festival &apos;s attractions did not get called off .
&quot; more people than expected came &quot; , rom sem said , who called the event a &quot; success all round &quot; .
as such , nothing is going to stop them from repeating the big party next year .
even though more has to be done in terms of the size and content of the event , the first balance sheet done on sunday made the voice of the people crystal clear for sem .
he said that one annoying thing was that they had to stop allowing entry into the event temporarily .
apparently not enough security guards had been booked with the security company .
the consequence : some people who had already paid could no longer get into the grounds .
feedback has been very good .
in a preliminary and cautious estimation , the salzwedel co-organizer estimated that around 1200 visitors attended the castle garden .
there were problems with the sound engineering .
the hip hop band from salzwedel , blocks &apos; n &apos; rox , abandoned their performance somewhat unnerved by these problems .
the engineers could not get a half-decent sound out of it .
a shisha lounge had been planned but could not be built because the tents could not be delivered to salzwedel due to a puncture .
the organizer insisted that &quot; they will , however , be there next year &quot; .
the premier of the amula-open-airs was more than a success in terms of the number of visitors .
and that was with bad weather .
nevertheless , the organizers have made some mistakes , which will be excused as it was their first time , but which have to be avoided next time round .
the event organizers also had to accept criticism on the social networking site facebook .
&quot; sorry , but for twelve euros , i really expected more &quot; , melanie meier commented on the event &apos;s page .
&quot; unfortunately , you bit off more than you could chew &quot; , according to ele zimmermann on the same page .
for others , the teething problems were not such a big issue .
i think it is really good that some people are not just standing around talking rubbish , but are actually making a real effort to get something up and running .
hats off ! &quot; , stephanie jenß wrote about amula .
now the organizers have a year &apos;s time to address these criticisms .
new radar dome in berkum : wachtberg &apos;s landmark dwindles
and not as one would expect .
in fact , the structural element , which is ready , is waiting to be installed onto the structure .
but this is just one of many things that need doing : almost 50 years after the construction of the space observation radar tira , the case , known as the radar dome , is to be completely rebuilt .
with a diameter of 47.5 meters , the new radar dome will be somewhat smaller than the old one .
that said , the size will still be a world record .
the final phase in completing the new case is to change the cap
the top quarter of the old case will be separated and lifted by a crane .
after that , the last quarter of the new case will be put in place .
as long as the weather is on their side , this should take place at the start of this week .
ice bucket challenge participant dislocates her jaw
isabelle roberts from in the uk shouted so hard while freezing water was poured over her head that she damaged the bone structure of her face .
this ice bucket challenge went painfully wrong .
a woman has been hospitalised after screaming so hard during the ice bucket challenge , that she dislocated her jaw .
isabelle roberts shouted so violently while freezing water was poured over her head that she damaged the structure of her face .
&quot; the water was so cold so i screamed , but as i did it my jaw just started to stick , &quot; she told the mirror .
ice water is poured over the 20-year-old &apos;s .
isabelle roberts moments before the accident
i tried to close my mouth but it would not close , it was locked , and then i came to the realisation that something was up .
then my mum and sister came to the realisation and they started wetting themselves , but i had to be rushed to a &amp; e.
the 20-year-old , from the uk , was taken to hospital to have her jaw repositioned after taking part in the viral craze on tuesday .
the clip has become an internet sensation , having been shared thousands of times on facebook and twitter .
will the burgvereine ( castle clubs ) get back together again ?
recently there have been a lot of disputes between both of the castle groups in wolfratshausen .
the boardroom is now contemplating the possibility of working together .
as an example for the reconstruction of the castle in wolfratshausen , the deceased richard dimbath , the former chairmen of wolfratshauser burgfreunde ( wolfratshausen castle friends ) , led the project in the french guédelon .
up until a year ago , there was a good atmosphere among the castle club and the castle friends group in wolfratshausen .
their points of view are now markedly different with regard to how the history of wolfratshausen castle and the possible reconstruction of it should be handled .
now the two are coming together : there should soon be talks about a joint venture .
torsten sjöberg ( castle club ) and herbert piffl ( castle friends ) , both members of the board , confirmed this in answer to our newspaper &apos;s query .
&quot; i have rung mr piffl and suggested that we get together &quot; , sjöberg reported .
in his opinion , all members of each club could come together again in the future .
this would enable quicker and more visible success to be achieved .
whereas the castle friends , and the recently deceased richard dimbath right up until the bitter end , had their eyes on reconstructing the castle in the mountain forest , the castle club , with sjöberg , want to &quot; develop and bring the premises to life &quot; in its original place .
herbert piffl , the deputy chairman of castle friends , said himself that he was very pleased about the call .
he has been presiding over castle friends since the death of dimbath .
a new chairperson will be found mid september during a members &apos; meeting .
at the moment , the club has around 40 members according to the 74 year old .
&quot; after the death of my friend , richard dimbath , we adjourned the club &apos;s activities initially out of respect &quot; . this &quot; period of thought &quot; has been necessary to &quot; think about how it can proceed &quot; .
according to piffl , the new chairperson will then enter into discussions with the castle club .
until then , the castle friends can get on with the current atmospheric picture within their group .
piffl said that , at the moment , they still do not have a candidate for the chair .
&quot; however , i am confident that we will find someone &quot; . he himself does not want to stand for it because he lives in bad tölz .
the new chairperson should be in wolfratshausen .
the man from tölz would , however , &quot; like to continue working with them &quot; on the project .
the different points of view on the subject of reconstruction will continue to exist for some time in piffl &apos;s eyes .
he acknowledges dimbath as a &quot; missionary &quot; , who always believed in the reconstruction of the castle .
two similar projects , which are well under way in austria and france , show that this idea is no easy task .
but with a high number of participants among the population , as well as some volunteers from all over the world , it will become a tourist magnet .
piffl : &quot; even i was skeptical at first .
however , with time , i have become more and more convinced that it makes sense to press ahead with the project &quot; . it could create a &quot; unique characteristic &quot; for the city of raftsmen .
otherwise , there is nothing here .
in addition , the project would be financed by eu grants , visitor tickets and potential sponsors , piffl believes .
&quot; the idea of reconstruction is , therefore , something that i personally do not want to simply abandon . he hopes that the castle club will move towards this idea somewhat .
their aim to first of all document the history &quot; is important and good &quot; .
then , we will see .
smart ways to save on college textbooks
with the cost of college textbooks surpassing $ 1,000 a year for many students , soon-to-be sophomore matt schroeder came up with a smart way to trim costs .
he worked out a system of borrowing books from upperclassmen , offering nominal compensation to get them to delay selling them back .
&quot; my calculus book that usually costs $ 180 , i got for the semester for $ 10 and a chick-fil-a biscuit , &quot; says schroeder , 19 , who attends covenant college in georgia .
required texts for his last semester would have cost $ 430 , he says .
he spent $ 120 .
the college board says the average student will spend more than $ 1,200 a year on textbooks and school supplies , but students have a variety of options for managing these costs .
online outlets and creative approaches like schroeder &apos;s are increasingly the go-to choices for students .
renting textbooks is on the rise , allowing students to use a book for the semester , often at a significant discount to buying .
neebo inc , which operates more than 250 campus bookstores , says textbook rentals have doubled since 2011 .
industry research shows that about one-fourth of books at college bookstores in this past spring semester were rented , says neebo vice president trevor meyer .
fewer than half of all texts are purchased at campus bookstores , according to the national association of college stores trade association .
here is the 101 on the best ways to score a deal .
buying online
some new book prices can be one-third of what you might find at the campus bookstore if you go online .
the ninth edition of &quot; calculus &quot; by ron larson , bruce edwards , and robert hostetler carries a list price of nearly $ 290 but can be purchased new for $ 239.99 at specialty textbook retailer chegg.com.
buying used
if you do not mind other people &apos;s notes or wear and tear , used texts are a good option .
&quot; calculus &quot; is selling for $ 93.49 used on chegg.com.
matt casaday , 25 , a senior at brigham young university , says he had paid 42 cents on amazon.com for a used copy of &quot; strategic media decisions : understanding the business end of the advertising business . &quot;
the book was selling for $ 48 new .
academics like ingrid bracey , director of the university of massachusetts at amherst &apos;s college without walls , suggest students check with their professors to see if previous editions are acceptable .
sometimes the updates are not relevant to the classwork .
if so , old editions can often be found for a tiny fraction of the cost of the latest version .
besides chegg and amazon , ebay inc &apos;s half.com is a popular alternative for used books .
renting
renting your textbooks is worth considering if you take reasonable care of them , you remember to return them and you do not care to own them after you complete the class .
you can save more than 80 per cent of the cost of buying a book new .
for example , a student could rent &quot; calculus &quot; for the length of the semester for about $ 20 .
know the rules of the store you rent from , including any penalties you could be assessed for taking notes , highlighting , or wear and tear .
renter , beware : if you fail to return the book , penalties can actually exceed the cost of buying it new .
e-books
getting e-books instead of traditional texts is another option .
sometimes those books are essentially rented by providing the electronic license for a specific period from distributors such as amazon.com , chegg and barnes &amp; noble inc .
chegg will rent &quot; calculus &quot; for six months for about $ 61 .
bracey says students in literature classes can often find the best bargains since many classics are now available to download for free , while science and engineering texts can be extremely expensive .
no matter what , shop around .
joe gault , 29 , who is about to enter pepperdine law school , recommends using the isbn number to price books since it ensures you are shopping for the right text .
before ordering online , gault says , be sure to check if the book is actually in stock .
he learned that lesson the hard way .
a book he purchased was back-ordered for four weeks , and he ended up paying full price at the college bookstore .
why the guardians of the galaxy couldn &apos;t save the box office
sylvester stallone &apos;s the expendables 3 has made back less than $ 30 million of its $ 90 million budget in the us , while sin city : a dame to kill for has made back only $ 12 million of its $ 70 million budget .
the cameron diaz vehicle sex tape took only $ 14.6 million in its opening weekend , while children &apos;s films such as how to train your dragon 2 are also showing disappointing box office returns .
an article from telegraph film critic robbie collin indicates that , when it comes to children &apos;s movies , the poor quality of the films themselves might be to blame .
collin called 2014 the &quot; the worst &quot; year yet for children &apos;s films , and described how to train your dragon 2 as a merely &quot; functional &quot; fantasy sequel .
but when it comes to film pitched at a slightly older market , it appears that the issue might not necessarily lie with the quality of the films themselves .
in july , entertainment weekly compared the average cinemascore and metacritic ratings for every summer release playing on at least 2,000 screens between may &apos;s memorial day holiday and july 20 , for 2013 and for this year .
the results , which take the opinion of both cinema audiences and film critics into account , suggest that this year &apos;s crop of films are of similar calibre last year &apos;s hits .
some commentators have suggested that changing viewing habits and the increased popularity of web streaming services such as netflix may be to blame .
director jon favreau , who is currently working on disney &apos;s forthcoming jungle book film , told the website hollywood reporter : &quot; i think times are changing . &quot;
we have to acknowledge that and not try to chase what used to be .
in contrast to hollywood &apos;s current box office slump , netflix recently saw revenue from its streaming content service reach $ 1.2bn , almost doubling last year &apos;s figure of $ 837m .
last summer , director steven spielberg criticised studios for relying too much on comic book franchises , and predicted a hollywood &quot; meltdown . &quot;
in light of the current downturn , some commentators are arguing that his dire prophecy may have held some truth to it .
with summer 2015 set to usher in a slate of potential big box office hits , including avengers : age of ultron , minions and jurassic world , other figures within the film industry are feeling more optimistic .
x-men producer simon kinberg recently described the drop in box office takings as simply &quot; cyclical , &quot; telling hollywood reporter : &quot; next summer will be the biggest box-office summer in history , and nobody will be worrying about the business . &quot;
a few years ago , when the second table tennis regional division was canceled in an attempt to streamline the leagues , a step in the right directions was taken .
now , the german table tennis association has introduced an additional , third league into the program .
the consequence : any team that has not been promoted , has been demoted .
for example , göttingen &apos;s top class team , torpedo , avoided demotion in the premier league relegation , but will now play in the fifth division as of next season .
the torpedo &apos;s women &apos;s team remain in the fourth division despite their superb clean-sweep in the regionalliga .
the torpedo boys and girls are starting in the lower saxony liga , just like the lads from sc weende .
the sg lenglern and torpedo reserves are stepping up into the new verbandsliga , but there are no longer any clubs from göttingern in the landesliga .
for the women , ttv geismar does play in the verbandsliga , and the torpedo &apos;s second team plays in the landesliga .
from a structural point of view , this seems to be a better regional division , when in fact , it is just the new southern regional premier league .
stepping up into this are : tsv seulingen , vfb lödingsen , torpedo iii , geismar , einbeck , hammenstedt , bovender sv , langenholtensen , fc weser and ttc .
dransfeld and sc weende represent the area in the regional league , whereas ttc ii , rot-weiß , bovender sv ii and ttv geismar ii and iii represent the area in the regional division . the regional premier league for women is at least kicking off with a good start .
güntersen , ttc and ttv geismar ii are all here as part of the party .
in the regional league , torpedo iii and sattenhausen / wöllmarshausen are taking to the field .
with each of the nine teams
sc weende sends a girl into the small regional league .
even the regional league &apos;s relay team for scw boys , which is where torpedo ii is also starting , is not complete .
as for the regional division , geismar , tuspo weende and bovender sv are heading into their season .
in the first season of the newly-founded regional association , both district divisions from göttingen are starting out with each of the nine teams .
as for the west relay team ; that is made up of rot-weiß ii , bovender sv iii , laubach ii , torpedo iv and v , mtv grone , dransfelder sc ii , mielenhausen and sg lenglern ii .
sattenhausen / wöllmarshausen , nikolausberg and landolfshausen are some of the teams making up the east relay team .
the women &apos;s district division is made up of sattenhausen / wöllmarshausen ii , bilshausen , hemeln , seulingen ii , tuspo weende and sg rhume .
that is much better than the district of osterode , where there are no longer any female teams at a district level .
it is remarkable that none of the six second division teams in the district achieved their potential . the innovative and bustling district committee are going to have to come up with something .
nato summit : first protests in newport and cardiff
there have been protests over the weekend by those opposed to the nato summit in newport .
on saturday , hundreds gathered in newport city centre for an anti-nato march .
and on sunday in cardiff , around 150 people came together at cardiff &apos;s county hall for what was described as a counter-summit .
stephen fairclough has been following developments for us over the weekend and has spoken to protesters who have travelled from bridgend to belgium .
teens airlifted from blue mountains
two teenage bushwalkers have been winched to safety after spending the night stranded in the nsw blue mountains .
the 16-year-old girl and 18-year-old man went hiking just after midday on sunday at govetts leap in blackheath .
concerned relatives called police about 8pm when they hadn &apos;t returned home .
a search party involving local police and rescue squad was sent out and the pair were found about 11pm near bridal veil falls .
the girl had injured her knee and the man had fallen and hit his head .
officers remained with the pair overnight and they were winched out on monday morning .
they were taken by ambulance in a stable condition to blue mountains hospital .
anti-government protests escalate in pakistan
around 1000 protesters have been forced out of the ptv buildings by soldiers , according to the minister of information , pervaiz rashid .
after a good half an hour or so , the station began broadcasting again .
the director of ptv , athar farooq , said that demonstrators armed with sticks had damaged equipment in the editorial offices .
there was no mentioned of the number of people killed or injured .
the demonstrators are demanding the resignation of the head of government , accusing him of vote rigging .
the police announced that on monday , around one kilometer away from the residence of the prime minister , nawaz sharif , approximately 3000 demonstrators clashed with security forces .
according to statements released by the hospital , a police officer was injured .
at least three people were killed and more than 500 injured at the weekend when demonstrators attempted to gain access to sharif &apos;s residence .
they are demanding the resignation of the prime minister .
following a meeting in the army &apos;s headquarters on sunday evening , the powerful military called for a political solution to the conflict , stating there was &quot; no time to waste or a need to use violence &quot; .
the statement also announced that : &quot; the army remains bound by its duty to ensure the safety of the state &quot; .
the escalating violence stirred up concern that the military may have to intervene , a military that has already revolted on many occasions in the past .
the above protests , led by imran khan , an opposition politician , and tahirul qadri , a preacher , have been ongoing since independence day on 14 august .
sharif is refusing to step down .
on sunday khan and qadri called upon their supporters to persevere .
&quot; we will not leave until we have forced sharif to resign &quot; , khan said .
qadri made similar comments :
khan accuses sharif of having fraudulently won the parliamentary vote last may .
qadri is demanding the resignation of both the central and provincial governments .
a provisional government should then reform the voting system , and call new elections .
more than 40,000 members of the security forces have been deployed to protect the government district .
at first , the demonstrators led a peaceful protest in front of the parliament building . then , at the weekend , khan and qadri called upon them to force entry into sharif &apos;s residence .
after its second win of the season , hütteldorf is in third place on the table .
a bitter week came to an end for rapid on sunday with a 2 : 0 win over grödig .
coach zoran barisic , whose team reached an interim low at the end of the europa league on thursday , said that &quot; the victory is very liberating &quot; .
the captain and goalkeeper , steffen hofmann , who climbed up to third place with grün-weiß , confirmed that &quot; the sense of achievement was extremely important &quot; .
schrammel &apos;s dream goal has led rapid on to a road to victory . two winning seasons show that rapid have reacted in the right way to the disappointment experienced against helsinki , and they reach the end of the international season with heightened morale .
&quot; we wanted to show a positive reaction &quot; , the defender thomas schrammel said , whose magnificent and skillful corner in the 14th minute set them on a winning course .
&quot; i thought i &apos;d build up all of the frustration from thursday , and smashed it into the top of the net &quot; , the 26-year old said smiling .
13th of november 2010 was , until now , the last time that schrammel had scored in a team from the bundesliga , and that was with ried .
his first championships goal at rapid-dress will , therefore , always be a special memory for him .
&quot; that is something quite special for me , i am rapid offspring &quot; , schrammel said .
due to mario pavelic &apos;s recent pelvis injury , schrammel moved from playing left back to right back , where he also did a very good job .
he had enough experience to be able to play in the mirrored position .
he deserved the goal , barisic stated . he has already achieved some assists this year .
the team shows character . schrammel also crossed the ball over to hofmann after the first hour , which led to the decisive 2 : 0 victory .
but before that , even the fans could have kept the score .
&quot; thank god we had some luck today &quot; , schrammel noted , alluding to the gap between the efforts made and results achieved in the past weeks : &quot; the results were not justified , but the games were always better when compared to last year &quot; .
barisic even decided that the team had previously played &quot; better in other games than today &quot; , and against &quot; the strongest team to play in the stadium this season &quot; .
these are the first three points since 26th july , and therefore prove that the structure of the team is intact despite the setbacks : &quot; today , my team has shown that they have character &quot; .
for him , what is just as pleasing is : &quot; the fact that we have finally played to a clean sheet again &quot; .
a lot of work was done during the internal football break . the unfortunate circumstances that led to the absence of brian behrendt , mario pavelic , christopher dibon , deni alar and michael schimpelsberger , as well as the fact that srdjan grahovac , stefan stangl and philipp schobesberger joined the first team , is what makes this success all the more valuable .
&quot; we must not forget that &quot; , barisic said , who has lost players in the last three days , including behrendt and pavelic , &quot; who recently were very stable &quot; .
the international football break therefore has to be used &quot; to lick wounds and to improve physically a bit &quot; , barisic explained , who has five under 21s in his ranks .
for one of whom , captain hofmann , the break came in particularly useful .
he bends over backwards for the team , ignoring any pain .
especially during these difficult times , he showed that he is a very important player for us &quot; , barisic stated .
before being substituted in the 68th minute , hofmann not only gave structure to rapid &apos;s game , but also scored the second goal .
for the 33-year old , who played his 350th game in the bundesliga , it was his first goal since november 2 , 2013 ( 4 : 2 against admira ) .
hofmann : &quot; we must not think that all is now well &quot; . &quot; i am sure we had a bit of luck on our side , but , at some point , that luck had to come back to us .
it was high time &quot; , hofmann said .
of course , he spoke about focused and continued work : &quot; you don &apos;t have to always see things black and white .
we haven &apos;t been playing as badly in recent weeks as it has been made out to be .
however , we mustn &apos;t think that all is now well .
his importance to the team is something that he could not deny .
after all , it is a very young team , which , i am able to help at the moment .
they hold on to me in certain phases &quot; , hofmann said .
grödig &apos;s coach , michael baur and his team have little to blame themselves for .
he is sorry about the quick counter goal , describing it as &quot; a kind of magic goal &quot; , as well as the normal goal scored by nutz in the 40th minute , which was wrongfully denied by the referee , kollegger .
the only criticism i can make about the team is that we were sometimes not precise enough upfield .
because we had far to few goals .
center back , maximilian karner thought the same : &quot; it started off badly , but we then found our feet , and even scored a goal .
all in all , we could have had more .
silence prevails beneath this treetop
last friday , when giving out the puzzle on the summer series &quot; my piece of rhön happiness &quot; , we showed a mighty tree trunk .
there are still several of these giant trees in the region ; the example shown is the &quot; geissruheiche &quot; , an oak tree , which stands above the village of unterweissenbrunn .
a rocky footpath leads up to the somewhat 600 year old oak tree .
you walk past enclosures , basalt cairns and a sea of stones .
the tree is located just below the bauersberg &apos;s stone quarry , one kilometer north of the street to weisbach .
the natural monument looks energetic ; it towers above the other trees in the area , and , being more than eight meters in size , it reminds you of an american giant sequoia .
a small buddha on top of a tree stub indicates that this is a spiritual or mystic place .
despite intensive research , there are only clues to the origins of the name .
dr wolfgang schneider has , once again , consulted the bischofsheim archives , and asked elderly people from unterweissenbrunn in order to find out what it has to do with the geissruheiche .
the results of his investigation revealed a less colorful explanation of the name .
according to his research , up to around 80 years ago , the goat herders are said to have led their animals out of unterweissenbrunn along the arduous , cleared and stoneless meadows .
the herdsmen , exhausted after the ascent , rested at the foot of the tree .
since then , the area has won back its significance , because herds of goats , once again grazing the meadows .
in addition , schneider also discovered that the region has been declared the core area in the biosphere reserve .
one should exercise caution when treading over the mass of stone because the sun-warmed basalt is also a popular whereabouts for the european viper .
a hiking trail leads from unterweissenbrunn up to the tree , but it is somewhat hidden .
further trails are signposted , which lead up towards hochrhön and offer an extensive hike .
where is the moated castle ?
a moated castle , which we looked for as part of our next challenge , is , of course , rather hard to find way up high .
the reflection in the moat already provides a good impression of the structure , but we do have some historical buildings in the district , and the building portrait may just be a good example of this .
where is our &quot; piece of rhön happiness &quot; ?
my piece of rhön happiness
as with the other main-post series over the years , there are prizes to be won again this year if you guess the correct answer .
if you like to take photos , why not join in .
using &quot; stück vom rhöner glück &quot; as the subject , send us your answer and your own personal &quot; piece of rhön happiness &quot; to : red.neustadt @ mainpost.de.
the nicest photos will be published .
after weeks of verbal wrangling italy &apos;s premier - and sitting eu-chairman - matteo renzi , has managed to push through his nomination of his foreign minister , federica mogherini , as head of eu- foreign policy , despite strong conservative opposition at the special eu summit . she will be the successor of the britain , catherine ashton .
renzi observes how the government-friendly daily newspaper , la repubblica , describes the appointment of mogherini , who was also seen as the favourite by the government , as a strengthening of the position of the social democrats and of his own position in the eu .
he expects it to provide a boost for his &quot; reform package &quot; in italy .
renzi hopes , not least , to be able to thus quieten the left-wing party basis which is always stirring against him , for mogherini is considered to be one of their group - albeit one of the more moderate .
in opposition to the conservative representatives , commission president jean-claude juncker and the pole donald tusk , who was named as council president , were voted in , so the prevailing opinion in rome , in order to achieve a political balance .
for the chief diplomat of the eu will also serve as the deputy to commission president juncker .
the agreement of the eu-parliament is considered to be safely secured .
if this were not the case , then state president giorgio napolitano would hardly have called the nomination of the 41 year-old politician from the ruling democratic party ( pd ) &quot; an important recognition &quot; of the role of italy in the eu .
la repubblica is optimistic that mogherini , who has held high office over two decades in different governments , and who is known for her ambition , will be able to meet the &quot; enormous challenges &quot; .
the woman , who was born in rome , is married and has two daughters .
the qualified doctor of political science began her party career in 1996 in the youth organization of the former democratici di sinistra ( left wing democrats ) , which merged with the catholic centre party , margherita , in 2008 , to form today &apos;s social democratic party ( pd ) .
in 1999 mogherini became vice president for three years of the european community organization of socialist youth .
the election of 2001 saw her take high office with a place on the council of the left wing democrats , working in the foreign policy department and then becoming its head .
she was responsible for traditional cornerstones of italian foreign policy such as the middle east ; became known for her preparatory work to the operation of nato in afghanistan , in which italy has a participating contingent ; and she promoted relations with the social democrats in europe and with the democrats in the usa .
since 2008 she has been a member of the chamber of deputies , in which she serves as an expert on defence and european and international affairs .
when renzi became premier in february 2014 , he appointed mogherini as his foreign minister .
if the pd today enjoys a better relationship with the strong freedom movement in the country , which contributed to the more than 40 percent votes for the party in the eu elections , then it was federica mogherini who played a leading role in that , as is strongly believed in pd circles .
the claims in brussels that the new eu-foreign minister has too little diplomatic experience and therefore lacks clout , is rebutted by the pd .
in brussels , the realistic stance taken by logherini in the ukrainian crisis have been attacked and denigrated , particularly by the polish members and those representing the baltic states .
she is a supporter of pipeline south stream , run by the russian firm gasprom , through which russian natural gas is to be transported directly to southern europe , by-passing ukraine . this will also make italy &apos;s own energy secure .
after renzi had assumed his position as eu-chairman in july , mogherini embarked on her first state visit to moscow .
photos showing her shaking hands with putin were received in brussels with indignation , as was the fact that she invited the kremlin chief to an economic summit in milan in october .
a total of nine people began their training course on monday , at emz-hanauer in nabburg .
they include a trainee , who had already completed another course in the same company .
the new trainee employees will receive training for four future job areas : electronics engineers ( three trainees ) ; mechatronics engineers or technicians ( two ) ; tool mechanics ( two ) and process engineers ( two ) .
all the trainees come from the county of schwandorf : tobias braun and thomas bücherl from schwarzach , stefan brickl and florian rewitzer from schmidgaden , johannes beer from neunburg vorm wald , felix domaier from oberviechtach , daniel sorgenfrei and sebastian zahner from pfreimd , as well as ferdinand strebl from teunz .
the new trainees had previously attended middle and junior high schools .
from wednesday until friday , the trainees of all the various ages were going to a team building event in oberammergau , which included among other things an all-day hike and rafting on the inn river .
the company has 435 employees throughout germany and 950 worldwide .
the number of trainees across all age-groups totals 27 .
france &apos;s socialists should &apos; shut up and sort france out &apos; , francois hollande &apos;s key ally says
mr valls called on the deeply divided left to &quot; show its affection &quot; for the embattled socialist president , whose reshuffle has failed to meet the approval of the vast majority of french .
the president deserves everyone &apos;s respect , he deserves our loyality , he deserves our support .
&quot; it is our duty to remain at his sides , &quot; he said , to applause .
as a placatory gesture , the prime minister insisted his government would not call into question france &apos;s controversial 35-hour working week , despite inflammatory suggestions it should relax the rules earlier in the week by emmanuel macron , the new economy minister .
on saturday , mr hollande had implored his fellow socialists to remain &quot; united &quot; with the government .
but christiane taubira , the justice minister , put a spanner in the works by turning up to a meeting of rebel socialist mps and criticising the socialist party for letting the french &quot; lose faith in their future . &quot;
marine le pen , the far-right national front leader , heaped scorn on the socialists &apos; constant in-fighting by saying she did not see the new valls government lasting more than just a few months .
francois hollande the emperor has no clothes , but neither has prince manuel valls , forced to put together a new government when the previous one didn &apos;t even survive the summer .
&quot; and the new one won &apos;t survive the fall or the winter either , &quot; miss le pen told supporters .
she reiterated her party &apos;s call for a parliamentary dissolution , saying she was confident it could win early elections and stood ready to govern .
france &apos;s ruling party suffered a drubbing in march municipal elections and the far-right national front came out on top in eu elections in may .
a poll in sunday &apos;s journal du dimanche found 76 per cent of french believe the socialist party risks breaking up into several rival factions before the end of mr hollande &apos;s presidential term in 2017 .
pascal perrineau , a political scientist at sciences po university , warned the french would fast lose patience unless the new socialist government succeeds in improving the economy and record unemployment .
&quot; it has a small window of opportunity , but public opinion needs to quickly feel things are changing , &quot; he warned .
otherwise , the situation could further degenerate .
norwegian cruise nears $ 3 billion prestige cruises deal
norwegian cruise line holdings ltd nchl.o , the world &apos;s third largest cruise operator , is in advanced talks to acquire peer prestige cruises international inc for around $ 3 billion , according to people familiar with the matter .
a deal would give norwegian cruise , a company with a market value of $ 6.8 billion , access to prestige cruises &apos; luxury cruise ships and affluent clientele as it competes with bigger rivals royal caribbean cruises ltd ( rcl.n ) and carnival corp ( ccl.n ) .
an agreement may be announced as early as this week , the sources said on sunday , cautioning that the talks could still fall apart .
the owner of prestige cruises , private equity firm apollo global management llc ( apo.n ) , also owns a 20 percent stake in norwegian cruise .
the sources asked not to be identified because the negotiations are not public .
norwegian cruise and prestige cruises representatives did not respond to requests for comment , while an apollo spokesman declined to comment .
miami-based norwegian cruise operates 13 cruise ships in routes spanning north america , the mediterranean , the baltic , central america and the caribbean .
it had revenues of $ 2.57 billion in 2013 , up 13 percent from 2012 .
prestige cruises , also based in miami , operates under the oceania and regent brands , which together have eight cruise ships traveling to scandinavia , russia , the mediterranean , north america , asia , africa and south america .
it posted revenues of $ 1.2 billion in 2013 , up 6 percent from the year earlier .
the $ 29 billion cruise industry is expected to benefit in the coming years from the rise of the middle class in emerging economies such as china and india .
companies are racing to position themselves as the cruise operators of choice for these new customers .
prestige cruises registered with u.s. regulators for an initial public offering in january 2014 .
apollo has been the company &apos;s majority shareholder following an $ 850 million deal in 2007 .
norwegian cruise was created in its current form in 2000 through a merger with a cruise operator owned by genting bhd ( gent.kl ) , the leisure and casino conglomerate controlled by malaysian billionaire lim kok thay .
apollo made a $ 1 billion investment in norwegian cruise in 2008 .
norwegian cruise went public in january 2013 .
genting had a 28 percent stake , apollo had a 20 percent stake and private equity firm tpg capital lp had an 8 percent stake in the company as of the end of june , according to a regulatory filing .
carnival , royal caribbean cruises and norwegian cruise together account for 82 percent of the north american cruise passenger berth capacity , according to prestige cruises &apos; initial public offering registration document .
hong kong pro-democracy activists heckle china official day after vote ruling
a group of beijing loyalists stood nearby waving china &apos;s flag .
the npc standing committee on sunday endorsed a framework to let only two or three candidates run in hong kong &apos;s 2017 leadership vote .
all candidates must first obtain majority backing from a nominating committee likely to be stacked with beijing loyalists .
the decision makes it almost impossible for opposition democrats to get on the ballot prompted pro-democracy activists to renew their vow to bring hong kong &apos;s financial hub to a halt with &quot; occupy central &quot; protests .
political reform has been a major source of tension in hong kong , with china party leaders fearful of calls for democracy spreading to other cities .
following the publication by beijing of a white paper outlining china &apos;s authority over hong kong in june , democracy activists held an unofficial referendum on voting in the special administrative region , and hundreds of thousands marched to the city &apos;s business district and staged a sit-in .
li &apos;s briefing is being organized by the hong kong government and china &apos;s liaison office in hong kong .
the vice chairman of the standing committee &apos;s legislative affairs commission , zhang rongshun , and the deputy director of the state council &apos;s hong kong and macau affairs office , feng wei , were also due to speak in a series of briefings throughout the day .
student activists said they would gather outside of the hong kong chief executive &apos;s office in the afternoon .
britain made no mention of democracy for hong kong until the dying days of about 150 years of colonial rule .
putin demands kiev open &apos; statehood &apos; talks with eastern ukraine
russian president vladimir putin demanded sunday that the ukrainian government cease battling separatists in the country &apos;s east and immediately begin negotiations on the breakaway region &apos;s &quot; statehood , &quot; according to russian news accounts of his remarks .
his spokesman , dmitry peskov , later clarified that putin didn &apos;t mean to imply that the eastern ukrainian territory under separatist control would become part of russia , but that its status within ukraine had to be revised to give the russian-speaking region the power to protect its rights and interests .
but putin &apos;s call upon the kiev government to negotiate with the pro-russia insurgents as equals corresponded with the apparent strategy he has followed since the violence began five months ago : help the separatists take territory and force the ukrainian government to grant the newly proclaimed novorossiya region virtual independence to align with russia instead of the west .
in an interview with state-run channel one television , putin denounced the ukrainian military campaign to recover separatist-held territory in the eastern donetsk and luhansk regions that were seized in march and april , after moscow annexed ukraine &apos;s crimean peninsula on march 18 .
the kremlin and the separatists have lately branded the seized territory &quot; novorossiya , &quot; or &quot; new russia , &quot; a term that harkens to pre-revolutionary glory days of the russian empire .
putin said that anyone who believed peace talks are in the offing as ukrainian politicians launch campaigns for an oct. 26 parliamentary election and while government troops are attacking civilian communities in separatist-held regions is &quot; a prisoner to illusions , &quot; itar-tass reported .
&quot; we must immediately commence substantive talks and not only on technical issues , but also on the political organization of society and the statehood status of southeast ukraine in order to serve the interests of people living there , &quot; he said .
peskov said putin &apos;s reference to statehood was meant in the context of the broader autonomy that has been discussed for months with the kiev leadership as it struggles to allay fears in the russian-speaking areas that their cultural and linguistic rights are in danger .
only the ukrainian government can grant the eastern regions the necessary autonomy , peskov said .
it &apos;s not a matter to be negotiated between ukraine and russia , peskov said , &quot; because it &apos;s not a conflict between russia and ukraine , but an internal ukrainian conflict . &quot;
the kremlin spokesman &apos;s intercession to correct the &quot; misinterpretation &quot; of putin &apos;s remarks underscored the russian leadership &apos;s approach to dealing with the separatist rebellion in the east differently from its outright seizure of crimea , where the majority of the 2 million population is ethnic russian .
moscow would have a much more difficult fight to annex even the donetsk and luhansk regions of eastern ukraine , as most of the 6.5 million residents are not russian and pre-conflict polls showed broad support for staying within ukraine .
the autonomy that russian diplomats have discussed in international forums would grant regional governments in ukraine the authority to determine their own trade agreements and foreign relations , effectively handing the kremlin de facto control over territory that would link the russian mainland with crimea .
the black sea peninsula annexed five months ago is home to russia &apos;s main naval fleet as well as commercial maritime facilities and historic coastal resorts .
the regions between russia &apos;s rostov area and crimea are also home to mines , factories and foundries that produce vital components for the russian military .
ukrainian president petro poroshenko proposed during his inauguration speech on june 7 that ukrainian lawmakers - after new elections -- weigh constitutional amendments to give more control to the disparate regions over their finances and the status of languages .
but his vision of autonomy appears to differ sharply from that of the kremlin and the separatist rebels moscow is accused of arming and instigating .
putin &apos;s latest call on kiev to deal with the separatist leaders as equals followed new advances by the rebels last week after russian troops and tanks entered eastern ukraine from a previously peaceful area along the sea of azov .
the russian-backed separatists took control of the town of novoazovsk in a drive that ukrainian security officials say they fear is the opening of a campaign to seize the strategic coastal territory all the way to crimea .
that has spurred a massive civilian and military effort to fortify mariupol , a steelmaking port of 500,000 that lies between novoazovsk and the narrow gateway into the crimean peninsula .
poroshenko on saturday addressed a meeting of european union leaders in brussels to urge action to prevent further russian aggression against ukraine , a former soviet republic that has been independent for 23 years .
&quot; we are close to the point of no return , &quot; poroshenko warned .
thousands of foreign troops and hundreds of foreign tanks are now on the territory of ukraine .
the eu summit took no definitive action ; the leaders called for drafting more punishing sanctions on russia to be imposed in the event of an unspecified escalation of the ukraine crisis .
ukrainian soldiers had to withdraw from their positions in ilovaysk after two columns of russian armor and 1,000 troops last week moved into the donetsk region to bolster the beleaguered separatists , col. andriy lysenko , spokesman for the ukrainian national security and defense council , told reporters in kiev on saturday .
the first of a reported 63 ukrainian soldiers who were trapped in ilovaysk by the russian incursion were swapped sunday for 10 russian paratroopers captured inside ukrainian territory a week ago , lysenko said sunday .
nude photo scandal embroils australian celebrities and gabi grecko
geoffrey edelsten has vented his disgust at hackers who may have stolen nude images of fiancee gabi grecko and a who &apos;s who of hollywood a-listers .
tinseltown is reeling after a series of explicit photos showing a nude jennifer lawrence hit the internet in a major celebrity hacking scandal .
the hacker responsible is said to have 60 nude photos of hunger games star lawrence and superstars including models kate upton and cara delevingne , singers rihanna , ariana grande and lea michelle and actors kirsten dunst .
australian actors teresa palmer , emily browning , yvonne strahovski , and melbourne-based grecko also had personal pictures allegedly retrieved due to an icloud leak .
there are 101 celebrity names on the list .
edelsten , who proposed to grecko last month , told confidential : &quot; it &apos;s disgusting &quot; .
all private correspondence and images should remain private .
it &apos;s disgraceful that personal information can be stolen and dispersed to others .
grecko , who is in new york , reportedly told a news website the hacking was &quot; shameful &quot; and those targeted would &quot; feel violated . &quot;
the hacker is believed to have 30 images of palmer with ex-boyfriend scott speedman , including two frames where she is lounging topless in a pool .
palmer &apos;s film credits include love and honor , opposite liam hemsworth .
palmer , chuck star strahovski and sucker punch actress browning yesterday had no comment on the hacked pictures .
a representative for lawrence told tmz : &quot; this is a flagrant violation of privacy . &quot;
actor seth rogen lashed out at the hacker , tweeting : &quot; posting pics hacked from a cell phone is really no different than selling stolen merchandise . &quot;
just legally speaking , it shouldn &apos;t be tolerated to report stolen pics .
cyclists , joggers and walkers took part yesterday in the 8th cycling event on the grosser feldberg mountain , giving their support to &apos; help for children with cancer &apos; .
the tour was a hard grind for some , while others treated it as a light training session .
however , everyone agreed on one thing : it was a lot of fun .
thomas studanski must have slept well last night .
for the very first time in his life the head of the oberursel brewery took his bike up the feldberg .
and for a good cause .
he can put up with a little muscle stiffness , especially since his participation in the 8th cycling event on the grosser felberg was in aid of the &apos; help for children with cancer &apos; association , and gave him a valuable personal insight .
a great thing .
&quot; i now know that i can do it - brilliant ! &quot;
you didn &apos;t happen to have a little break to milk the applause ?
no , if i &apos;d stopped , i &apos;d never have been able to carry on ...
like thomas studanski , a member for the cdu in the oberursel town council , many of the 718 participants struggled in the early mountain dew , coming close to exhaustion , but arriving happily on top of the summit plateau .
on the other hand , some others found it much easier to complete the full eleven kilometre route between hohemark and feldberg .
norman diessner , for example .
the green politician , wearing all red , from the municipal council - red clothes , red bike - looked to be taking it gently ( &quot; quit some professionals here , so it &apos;s all about finishing ! &quot; ) - and then looked almost like a pro himself as he arrived at the end 45 minutes later without pausing for breath .
he was another one who did it all in one go , as did nina kuhn , press spokesperson for the oberursel council , who did the route along side frank grüneisen .
for both the triathletes the &quot; feldberg cycling event &quot; was not necessarily a sporting challenge : &quot; this one is about charity , and that &apos;s why we &apos;re glad to be here - we &apos;d have gone out riding anyway today , &quot; kuhn said .
along the route they met up with paul wenzel from oberreifenberg .
the boy ( 12 ) had driven down to oberusel in the morning , only to immediately go back up again .
florian zierz from frankfurt got himself into the saddle at 9 am ; he &quot; did &quot; the feldberg twice , before then wheeling back home .
another one who enjoyed himself was &quot; fritten-toni &quot; .
for the manager of the oberursel cult kiosk , taking part in cycling events which go over the feldberg is perfectly natural .
he took just 40 minutes to do the route with his 6.5-kilo racing bike .
a mad event .
for this cause i &apos;m very glad to be here , &quot; commented andreas balzke .
the well-conditioned man from mainz said he was an &quot; ambitious racing cyclist . &quot;
and he must be , since he was riding a &quot; fixie-bike &quot; which is a bike without gears ...
but it wasn &apos;t only cyclists who jaunted to the top - as was evidenced not only by the 20 walkers , who climbed up via the white wall and the fuchstanz , but also by a jogger who pulled behind him a tyre with weights attached to him by a rope .
mountain rescue doctor , professor volker lischke , who was there with his team to provide safety , and who was equipped with a four-wheel bully and quad , said : &quot; i know him from frankfurt - he trains for a specialist sleigh trail - it &apos;s just that he pulls the sleigh himself . &quot; the man is , therefore , in a sense his own sleigh dog .
the 718 participants - which made them the greatest number ever - were sent off up the course in groups in the morning .
the walkers started at 9.30 am .
then it was the turn of the cyclists and runners , who began at 10 am .
five minutes later the first mountain-bikers set off .
bent hansen , chairman of the association &apos; cycling on the grosser feldberg &apos; gave the starting orders and wished those taking part an enjoyable trip .
next year , he hopes to have safety barriers on the course for the benefit of those taking part on the feldberg .
barack obama becomes the fourth american president to receive the nobel peace prize
the american president barack obama will fly into oslo , norway for 26 hours to receive the nobel peace prize , the fourth american president in history to do so .
he will receive a diploma , medal and cheque for 1.4 million dollars for his exceptional efforts to improve global diplomacy and encourage international cooperation , amongst other things .
the head of the white house will be flying into the norwegian city in the morning with his wife michelle and will have a busy schedule .
first , he will visit the nobel institute , where he will have his first meeting with the five committee members who selected him from 172 people and 33 organisations .
the presidential couple then has a meeting scheduled with king harald v and queen sonja of norway .
then , in the afternoon , the visit will culminate in a grand ceremony , at which obama will receive the prestigious award .
he will be the fourth american president to be awarded the prize , and only the third to have received it while actually in office .
the white house has stated that , when he accepts the prize , obama will speak about the war in afghanistan .
the president does not want to skirt around this topic , as he realises that he is accepting the prize as a president whose country is currently at war in two countries .
a few days ago he stepped up the war effort by sending more troops to afghanistan , something that his critics will be stressing .
at the ceremony , obama will also be given a gold medal , a diploma , and a cheque for ten million swedish krona ( around 24 million czech crowns ) .
he intends to donate this money to charity , but hasn &apos;t decided which yet .
their busy schedule will then take the president and his wife to a banquet , which will be attended by the norwegian king and queen as well as the ministerial chairman and another 250 invited guests .
obama has always been reticent in regards to his prize .
he has said , for example , that he feels that he does not wholly deserve it .
he has repeatedly said that the prize isn &apos;t for him , but for everyone who upholds the same values .
right after hearing about it , he described it as a &quot; challenge to take action . &quot;
nature protection officers accused of blackmail
the litoměřice police have accused the chairman of the litoměřice nature protection society civil association of blackmail .
several times during the last year he appealed against certain building permit proceedings , and has then claimed money from investors for retracting the appeal , said litoměřice police spokeswoman alena romová .
the chairman of the litoměřice nature protection society is lubomír studnička .
he is now under arrest and faces up to three years in prison .
recycling containers don &apos;t smell so good in brno
in prague , normal people can sort their beverage bottles , and , in south moravian , villages are recycling containers on every corner .
and in brno ?
there , it will take you a good few minutes to find the right sort of bin .
i don &apos;t mean to imply that garbage isn &apos;t sorted in brno .
but it seems to me that considering we &apos;re the second largest city in the country , the authorities are not showing enough interest in this problem .
brno is falling way behind in its garbage sorting , not only because people here can still only put paper , glass and plastic into these bins , but mostly because of the sheer lack of containers for this kind of waste .
have you ever tried throwing a plastic bottle into a bin in the city centre ?
it &apos;s a real art form , and you need time and steady nerves .
the only place we &apos;ve managed to come across is on moravské náměstí , opposite the potrefená husa .
no offence to mr. onderka and his colleagues , but it &apos;s really not good enough .
not to mention that it &apos;s no easy task sorting garbage in other parts of the city .
plenty of my friends don &apos;t bother sorting their garbage .
out of laziness .
it &apos;s just too far to the bin , you see .
i don &apos;t blame them .
after a party , i offered to throw out a few glass and plastic bottles .
but , on kounicova ulice , there were no coloured bins to be seen .
luckily , on the way to the tram , i found the right place .
but it was overflowing with garbage .
come on , this is the centre of brno . isn &apos;t it supposed to look good ?
it should , but ecology and aesthetics don &apos;t seem to interest the brno socialists much .
they prefer to buy the city a new hockey extra-league , which puts us to shame all over the country , instead of buying a few more containers and letting us sort other garbage for a cleaner brno .
i &apos;m glad to see that , after browsing the net for a while , my assumptions are confirmed by official statistics .
figures published by eko-kom show that brno really is the worst off in the whole of south moravia .
&quot; paroubek &apos;s &quot; budget takes money for pensions and sick pay
the fact that the left gave extra money to the farmers and civil servants in the face of government opinion means that there might not be enough money in the budget to cover pensions , sick pay , or building society savings .
and also not enough for interest on the national debt or to cover international judicial disputes .
this will bring problems for whoever is in office in the latter half of next year , said the finance minister eduard janota .
when the social democrats and communists raised interest rates for certain groups , they were relying on the fact that the government would loan money for susceptible expenses , pensions , and sick pay . &quot; it &apos;s just a case of postponing the problem , laying a minefield , &quot; says janota .
higher interest has to be paid on loaned money , and , at some point , it has to be paid back .
the state does not have much choice where to find it .
if it doesn &apos;t reduce social benefits or the costs of running the state , it will have to increase taxes .
for all those that the left just handed out money to : firefighters , teachers , farmers .
and later , their children , too .
people don &apos;t have to worry about pensions or sick pay , where 1.8 billion has disappeared from the accounts ; they &apos;ll get them .
although , at the cost of the state falling deeper into debt – next year the treasury won &apos;t just be 163 billion short , but even more .
despite the efforts of minister janota , debt will continue to increase at an ever faster rate , as will interest costs .
the state will need money to cover it , and it &apos;s no longer enough just to slightly bump up vats or reduce maternity benefits , as the government has done in its anti-deficit package .
as money has been diverted to several groups of voters , next year there will also be a shortage of five billion for building highways and railways .
these are mostly sections that have been tendered out and are half-finished and cannot be redesigned or made any cheaper .
at the most , conserve what isn &apos;t free too .
this means that delaying or halting thirty major building projects and money from european funds is also at risk , warns transport ministry spokesman karel hanzelka .
the čssd has suggested that the deficit be resolved solomon-style – it should draw on čez dividends , which are mostly state-owned , and use those to top up the transport fund .
the problem is that the level of these dividends is never certain , and they are certainly not a bottomless resource .
last year , 18 billion of čez money went into the budget .
every year , these dividends are used to pay for clearing up ecological damage , topping up the pensions account , or are set aside as a reserve for the upcoming pension reforms .
moreover , according to eu regulations , this trick increases the actual budget deficit to 5.7 percent of gdp .
but this is not the end of these transfers .
the budget is almost three billion shot to cover various damages owed to the victims of communism and crime , to meet the cost of judicial disputes , and even to cover building society savings .
it is still not clear if the state can get by without this money .
it &apos;s a gamble .
if we were to lose an international dispute , we &apos;d still have to pay , claims janota .
the minister will then have to save money within the resort or , in the worst case scenario , reach into the government &apos;s budget reserve .
the two-billion-crown state treasury project , which is already underway , is also lacking a hundred million , and what each office is spending can be followed on-line .
the first stage will start in january .
if the finance minister can &apos;t find the money elsewhere , the project will have to be aborted and sanctions will be imposed , warns janota .
your next smartphone will run two operating systems
the americans are saying that , in the future , users will be able to switch between different operating systems on their mobile phones at the touch of a button .
the plans revealed so far look promising .
just press one key and in just a few seconds you can switch from windows mobile to android .
this is the goal of the american company vmware , which primarily develops computer virtualisation software .
this will let you have two user profiles at once on the same phone .
you can switch between them or have one for work and one for home .
both of them will run at the same time , says srinivas krishnamurti of vmware in an interview with computer world magazine .
it was presented last november and first demonstrated just a few days ago .
it will go on sale in 2012 .
the virtualisation of smartphones is not science fiction .
vmware has already given reporters a demonstration of a smartphone with two operating systems .
it was a modified n800 with 128 mb of ram , running windows mobile and android at the same time .
the development of new mobile phone technology is in full swing .
vmware is now working with european and american operators to test smartphone virtualisation and the sets should reach customers sometime during 2012 .
lack of snow in mountains causes problems for hoteliers
it &apos;s not only krkonoše ski-lift operators who are worried by these bare slopes .
the lack of snow is putting people off booking ski holidays in hotels and guest houses .
this means vacancies are still available in the krkonoše throughout the winter , including christmas and new year &apos;s eve .
we &apos;re getting plenty of visitors to our site .
people are browsing the offers , checking prices , but , so far , are worried about making a definite booking .
&quot; when they call , the first thing they ask is if we think they &apos;ll see snow or mud , &quot; says martin jandura , who runs the spindl.info information web site .
anyone who wants to spend new year &apos;s eve in špindlerův mlýn just how they want , had better start thinking about booking soon .
those preferring to save money and go for cheaper accommodation can still give it a few days .
hoteliers in špindlerův mlýn are so far just offering week-long stays for new year &apos;s eve .
i think they &apos;ll try to keep that up for a while , but even they will give in and offer shorter stays .
then there &apos;ll be a sudden shortage of vacancies , &quot; estimates jandura .
the vrchlabí travel agency ingtours is still offering vacancies throughout the winter .
what we ’ re interested in is christmas week , which hasn &apos;t sold out yet .
half of our capacity is still available .
that &apos;s why we &apos;ve been preparing some cheaper last-minute christmas breaks , &quot; said ingtours director petr schiefert .
the vrchlabí travel agency can still offer new year &apos;s eve in the krkonoše , but there are fewer vacancies .
another good time for bookings is the first fortnight in february , although bookings for the remaining winter dates tend to be average .
this year , interest in winter breaks is low due to the fact that there is still no snow on the krkonoše .
people are waiting to see if any falls .
nobody wants to spend the end of the year in the mountains when there &apos;s no snow .
if snow falls on the slopes this week , christmas will sell out too , &quot; says schiefert .
on the other hand , the horizont hotel in pec pod sněžkou has seen better bookings this year than last year .
we &apos;re up about 5 percent .
we have the last few vacancies for new year &apos;s eve and christmas .
there &apos;s a lot of interest during the polish holidays in january and we usually get plenty of bookings in february too , &quot; explains the director of the best hotel in pec , karel rada .
the omnia hotel , by the central car park in janské lázně , is eighty-percent booked up for new year &apos;s eve .
yet the newest hotel in janské lázně still has half its beds free for christmas .
january this year has been a nice surprise , as we &apos;re already sixty-percent booked up .
so february isn &apos;t looking quite so good , but as soon as it snows , then interest in staying in the krkonoše will definitely rise , says the owner of the omnia hotel , erik sporysch .
for now , however , the krkonoše hoteliers will have to wait for heavier falls of snow .
colder weather is forecast for thursday , so if anything falls , it should be snow .
but it should get warmer again after that , said jiří jakubský of the czech hydrometeorological institute in hradec .
usa : repetition is the mother of wisdom
it &apos;s almost funny to see how barack obama , reputedly the wisest president , is trying so hard in the matter of the afghan war to repeat the strategy of his predecessor , having himself considered him to be the most foolish .
when he finally came out with his long-awaited afghan doctrine , it appeared that he had made a carbon copy of bush &apos;s iraq scenario three years earlier .
it &apos;s not just that in the text itself he repeatedly uses the words &quot; just like in iraq &quot; , but he even went as far as to use the name of bush &apos;s declaration from january 2007 as the title of his own declaration : &quot; the new way forward &quot; .
while three years ago he himself criticised bush &apos;s idea to send fresh troops to help in the beleaguered civil war in iraq as &quot; an irresponsible decision with catastrophic consequences &quot; .
the following months , however , showed that bush &apos;s strategy , which was recommended by his field commanders , was the only possible course of action and so successful that there are no reports in the news about iraq .
it didn &apos;t help bush &apos;s reputation , but in objective terms , it left his successor in a much more favourable position than might be expected .
barack obama hopes that , in afghanistan , the miracle will repeat itself .
he was again asked to increase the military contingent by his field commanders , particularly the supreme commander of the afghan operation general stanley mcchrystal , who even went against the custom of his subordinates to harshly criticise the reluctant gunners in the white house .
he asked for 40 thousand men to turn the situation around .
the president hesitated for three months , but failed to come up with anything better , and so at least the general did out of 10 thousand soldiers .
he managed to squeeze a promise out of europe for another 5 thousand , even though he himself was originally counting on 10 .
the trickiest aspect of obama &apos;s strategy seems to be his plan to start pulling troops out of afghanistan within 18 months and to finish the process within three years . obama &apos;s doctrine as a whole calls for more questions than it answers .
many doubt that this half-hearted increase will bear the same fruit as the action plan in iraq .
despite the internecine war of recent years , iraqi society is relatively firm on its feet and its leaders have been honouring the treaties .
the afghan situation is just the opposite - nobody can be relied upon and no treaties are being upheld .
in these conditions , it is hard for the afghan security forces to prepare , being so used to changing leaders to suit themselves .
political institutions , no matter how formally they might be set up , will be nothing more than a potemkin village in which patriarchal tribal relations will run wild .
balancing the interests of a variety of ethnic groups is unusually difficult due to the tricky relations between them , a fact which is further complicated by the influence of pakistan and iran .
even building an &quot; operational state &quot; , which is the most basic aim of the entire operation , does not seem particularly feasible .
the timing of obama &apos;s strategy is foiled by his voluntarism .
over the last eight years , the situation in afghanistan has just gotten worse and worse , and is now on the verge of exploding .
only a truly romantic soul , totally unaffected by reality , could believe that the soldiers sent into the turmoil of this war for an &quot; early return home &quot; will bring about any miracles here .
from a political viewpoin , t it is pure irresponsibility setting a date for withdrawing the troops , as the taliban will see it as indirect acknowledgement of an american defeat .
the last nato summit showed that the willingness of the european people to take part in the operations in afghanistan is waning .
european politicians cannot and are unwilling to explain to voters what the security of germany or italy has to do with the war in the foothills of the hindu kush .
another factor which could radically stir things up is what is going on around iran .
if the situation continues to get worse and increased sanctions against iran have no effect , the united states will face the difficult question of whether to try to resolve the situation using military force or not .
this will need answering when , according to obama , america orders the victorious withdrawal of its troops from afghanistan .
any such solution will obviously also mean a dramatic turnaround in the afghan situation .
the only saving grace for barack obama is the fact that there are three more years to the presidential elections , so there &apos;s still enough time for him to come up with another strategyif this one turns out to be a total whitewash .
managers at goldman sachs no longer to receive cash bonuses
the top management of the american bank goldman sachs will not receive their bonuses in cash this year .
the announcement came from the company as a reaction to the harsh criticism of their salary policies .
instead of money , the group of 30 top managers will receive shares , which cannot be sold for another five years .
the shares can also be confiscated if the managers take excessive risks .
according to reuters , goldman sachs is leading the effort to link wall street bonuses with long-term performance .
i assume that wall street is well aware of the broader path it has to take , said former investment banker for jpmorgan , douglas elliott .
the problem lies in the details , he added .
goldman sachshas been targeted by critics since it set aside almost 17 billion dollars ( almost 300 billion crowns ) for bonuses in the first three quarters of this year .
reuters claims that the total bonuses awarded by the business this year , despite today &apos;s announcement , exceeds 20 billion dollars .
high bonuses in the banking sector , what with the economic crisis , have become a political hot potato .
on wednesday , britain announced that it had decided to charge a one-off fifty percent tax rate on bankers &apos; bonuses exceeding 25,000 pounds ( around 712,000 czk ) .
france is preparing similar measures .
this year , women were awarded the nobel prize in all fields except physics
in stockholm today , a record five women received nobel prizes from the swedish king carl xvi gustaf in the professional categories and for literature .
in addition to four scientists , they also included the german writer herta müller , originally from romania .
the nobel prize for medicine went to two american biologists , elizabeth blackburn and carol greider , together with their fellow countryman jack szostak , for their research in chromosomes .
the prize for chemistry was won by the israeli ada jonath , together with the americans venkatraman ramakrishnan and thomas steitz , for their work to clarify the structure and function of ribosomes .
the last award was the nobel prize for economics , which went to the americans elinor ostrom and oliver williamson for their analysis of economic management .
the only specialised category which nobody won this year was physics .
today , this prize was won by the scientists charles kao , for his research in optical fibres , and george smith and willard boyle , for inventing the ccd ship , which is the basis for all digital cameras , faxes , and astronomical telescopes .
all the winners received a diploma , the nobel medal , and a certificate for a monetary reward .
in each category , this award totals ten million swedish krona ( approximately 25 million czk ) .
if there are multiple winners , they share the prize money between them .
traditionally , the most highly-anticipated award , the nobel peace prize , went to the american president barack obama in the norwegian city of oslo this afternoon .
in his speech , he acknowledged that the award was controversial , as he is just starting out in office and , moreover , heads a country which is currently at war in two countries - iraq and afghanistan .
in defence of his policy he added , however , that these wars were essential in order to bring about peace , despite the high cost .
minister janota considers resignation . klaus invites him to the castle
on friday morning , president václav klaus will meet with the finance minister eduard janota , who is considering resigning as he does not agree with the government &apos;s budget for next year as approved on wednesday by the chamber of deputies .
it is assumed that the budget and also janota &apos;s possible continuation in office will be the topic of friday &apos;s meeting .
the budget has also been criticised by klaus .
he claims the deficit is too high , which is worsening the public funding crisis .
the meeting was announced by the president &apos;s spokesman radim ochvat .
janota wants to discuss his future on monday with the prime minister , jan fischer .
according to the budget act , which klaus is due to sign , the czech republic should get by with a deficit of 163 billion crowns .
however , on wednesday , the house approved the left &apos;s proposals to transfer funds , gave state employees a pay rise , and allocated extra money for social services and for direct payments to farmers .
the government criticised the social democrats &apos; proposals , saying that they will surreptitiously increase the budget deficit .
a bitter political dispute has broken out between the left on the one hand , and the government , klaus , and the right on the other , leading to questions about the future of fischer &apos;s interim government , which was agreed on in spring by the ods , čssd and green party .
critics claim that the budget , as approved by the house , essentially does away with the package of saving measures put into effect by fischer &apos;s government in autumn and which it believes should stop the state falling deeper into debt .
at a breakfast meeting with entrepreneurs today , klaus , who is behind the state budget law but is not obliged to sign it , declared that politicians have long been neglecting a &quot; serious problem , &quot; which is the &quot; unsustainable deficit level &quot; of public finances .
now , he claims , there is no good solution to this .
the only thing that could improve the situation is a strong government which could fall back on the broader consensus of the political parties , the president says .
ods chairman mirek topolánek said that it was a terrible budget and that the government should rethink continuing in office .
the vice-chairman of the ods , petr nečas , told čtk that the concept of an interim government supported by the čssd , ods , and the green party is evidently no longer working .
in response to this , premier fischer described this statement as &quot; strong words . &quot;
the head of the čssd , jiří paroubek , reacted to topolánek by saying that what was terrible was the deficit in the budget prepared by the former topolánek government for this year , which exceeds 200 billion crowns .
on wednesday the čssd declared the approval of next year &apos;s budget to be a success .
the people &apos;s party was also satisfied .
mandela played by morgan freeman in clint eastwood &apos;s new film
south africans claim that the new hollywood film invictus will tell the world a lot about their country , its struggle and its victories , despite some people criticising the fact that the main roles are played by american actors .
it is a story about sport , race relations , and nelson mandela .
the life of the tireless fighter against the racist system of apartheid in south africa and its first black president , nelson mandela , is played by the oscar-winning american actor morgan freeman .
freeman said that he had asked ninety-one-year-old mandela if he could play him in eastwood &apos;s film .
another leading role in the film is played by matt damon .
i told him : &apos; if i &apos;m going to play you , i &apos;ll need access to you &quot; .
the seventy-two-year-old actor , who won an oscar for his role in eastwood &apos;s boxing drama million dollar baby , has already played roles such as the leader of the anti-slavery movement who eventually himself became a slave , a fictitious president of the usa , and even a god in evan almighty , but has only rarely portrayed someone who is still alive and means so much to people as mandela .
the former south african statesman spent 27 years in prison for his active role in ending apartheid in south africa .
he was released in 1990 and was then the country &apos;s president for four years .
in 1993 he was awarded the nobel peace prize .
invictus is latin for &apos; unconquered &apos; and is the name of a poem by the english writer william ernest henley , published in 1875 .
the challenge was to speak like he does .
the film tells the true story of how nelson mandela joined forces with the captain of the south african rugby team , francois pienaar , to help unify the country . the newly-elected president mandela knows that , after apartheid , his nation will still be racially and economically divided .
he believes that he can unite people through sport , so he decides to unite the rugby players who , to the world , are outsiders .
the south african team eventually makes it through to the world cup in 1995 .
freeman worked for several years to get mandela &apos;s story onto the big screen .
my only aim was to play this role as realistically as possible , said freeman .
naturally , the greatest challenge was to speak like mandela .
the actor said that if he and world politicians were in the same ball park , he would try to meet mandela , go for dinner with him , and be behind the scenes with him before his speeches .
the most important thing was that he wanted to shake mandela &apos;s hand .
i found out that when i take your hand , i draw on your energy , it flows into me , and i feel that i know how you are feeling , he said .
for me it &apos;s important to try and become a different person .
in the film , matt damon portrays françois pienaar , the captain of the national rugby team , which was dominated by white players .
the actor said that he had six months in the tough world of rugby to prepare for the role .
it turned out to be a great surprise for him when he first met pienaar at his home .
i remember ringing his doorbell , he opened it , and the very first thing i said to françois pienaar was : &apos; i look much bigger on the screen . &apos; 
despite the evident differences in the stature of the actors compared to their real-life counterparts , under eastwood &apos;s direction , invictus has received positive reviews and there is even talk of an oscar nomination .
the daily variety film critic todd mccarthy summed up the film by saying : &quot; it was a great story , a very well-made film . &quot;
in the film reviews on rottentomatoes.com , invictus has a 76 percent positive rating .
secret of the glare over norway solved : the russians were testing a rocket
strange lights of unknown origin have been seen over norway .
yesterday the russian defence ministry finally admitted that it had tested an intercontinental ballistic missile not far from the norwegian border .
however , it was another unsuccessful launch and the missile , which is known as &quot; bulava &quot; and should have been the pride and glory of the russian army , has gradually turned into a nightmare for the russian generals and prime minister , vladimir putin .
his repeated presence at tests on the rocket has not affected the success rate of the test flights .
the bulava has generally not lifted off or has been damaged in the air .
the russian newspapers are describing the &quot; bulava &quot; as &quot; the flightless rocket . &quot;
the rocket that doesn &apos;t fly but lights up
this , the 13th test , started off according to plan .
but near the end of the flight there was technical damage to the missile .
apparently the engine blew up in the rocket &apos;s third phase .
this time , the &quot; bulava &quot; was launched from the atomic submarine dmitrij donskij , which was cruising under the surface of the white sea .
this type of rocket can be launched from a craft which is moving and even submerged .
this makes it likely that the mysterious light over norway , caused by an unidentified flying object , was actually the malfunctioning &quot; bulava . &quot;
anyway , the norwegians never had any doubts that it was a russian rocket .
the generals are defending themselves this time though , claiming that it can &apos;t be described as a total failure .
the first two phases of the rocket went well , and the accident happened during the third stage .
previously , the engines have always malfunctioned during the first phase .
even though not one test launch has been completely error-free , the defence ministry consider only six out of the thirteen tests to have been failures .
the generals are optimistic about this almost fifty-percent success rate and keep insisting that the &quot; bulava &quot; will eventually fly smoothly and will even carry up to ten hypersonic nuclear blocks weighing a total of 1.15 tons .
the legendary fetisov signs a year &apos;s contract with cska moscow aged 51
the legendary defender vjačeslav fetisov will again play a professional ice-hockey match at the age of 51 .
the former world champion , olympic winner and stanley cup holder will help out his team , cska moscow , when they need him , and will evidently be playing in the fifth khl duel against saint petersburg .
fetisov , who retired at forty in 1998 , is currently the president of cska .
since denis kuljaš was injured , we urgently need another defender .
fetisov is training regularly and has agreed to help the team .
we just need to sort out a few formalities , the ap agency quoted the moscow club coach sergej němčinov as saying .
it &apos;s not year clear whether or not the famous hockey player &apos;s comeback will be for just one match .
i think fetisov is someone who can boost the morale of the other players , said němčinov .
according to ap , if fetisov returns to the ice , he will be the oldest russian professional hockey player .
in the nhl , the legendary attacker gordie howe played for hartford for a whole season at the age of fifty-one and scored 15 goals and 26 assists .
the oldest of the famous quintet of fetisov , kasatonov , makarov , larionov , and krutov is one of the best and most successful hockey players of all time .
in the soviet union uniform , he received two olympic gold medals , seven world championship tiles , and triumphed in the canada cup and the junior world championship .
in the second half of his career , he also enjoyed success in the nhl , when wearing the detroit uniform , he twice raised the stanley cup over his head .
since 2001 , he has been a member of the hockey hall of fame .
hyundai obliges unions . all overtime is cut
the management of the hyundai car plant in nošovice has agreed with the unions to cut all overtime .
it is because of all this forced overtime that the unions have declared a strike on monday .
this was confirmed by the hyundai spokesman , petr vaněk .
the management , however , wants to come to an agreement with the trade union leaders for one saturday shift this year .
we can &apos;t give up on our production plan , it &apos;s essential , so we have proposed voluntary overtime on saturday december 19th , involving two shifts , said vaněk .
the website sedmička.cz wrote that the firm had offered all employees who are to work the saturday shift a bonus of 400 czk .
this bonus will also be paid retrospectively to those who worked on saturday november 28th .
according to vaněk , the firm has decided to change how it motivates its employees to take the proposed overtime .
either they &apos;ll claim the additional wage for the overtime or they can take time off in lieu on december 28th and extend their christmas holiday by one day , said vaněk .
additionally , all employees working the saturday shift will have their travel expenses and lunch paid for .
considering that overtime was the most pressing and thorny question for the unions , as well as for the protesting employees who brought production to such a grinding halt last week , the management decided yesterday afternoon to immediately cancel all overtime for december , said vaněk .
until last week , virtually every day the car plant workers had been forced to do two hours &apos; overtime on top of their normal eight-hour shifts .
after signing the agreement , the trade unions will call off the strike
further talks should be held between the car plant management and union leaders on friday morning .
on wednesday , the head of the unions , petr kuchař , said that if they came to an agreement on the demands and sign the document , they are willing to call off the strike .
the situation at the plant deteriorated sharply last wednesday when some 400 workers held a spontaneous strike to protest against the incessant overtime .
they were also protesting against bad pay conditions and alleged persecution .
the management responded by saying that employees had to work overtime to meet the demand for cars .
in monday &apos;s announcement of the strike , the unions also asked that no sanctions be imposed against the workers who halted production last wednesday .
the trade unions are asking the firm to keep overtime to a minimum .
moreover , this year they are requesting that a 5000 crown bonus be paid for this work .
the hyundai car plant in nošovice now employs 2000 people .
the firm began series production last november .
by this september , it had made around 80,000 cars , and its current capacity is 200,000 vehicles a year .
czech discovery : a substance which works on &apos; tough &apos; forms of the hiv virus
a team of czech and german scientists has been testing a new compound which can slow the spread of the hiv virus in the body .
the main advantage of this improved substance is that it also works on viruses which have become immune to medication .
in some cases , this outweighs the fact that the compound used for the normal form of the virus does not have such a strong effect as some drugs that are already available .
no cure has yet been found for aids .
patients &apos; lives can be greatly prolonged by a mixture of drugs which prevent the hiv virus from multiplying in the body .
however , they have a number of side-effects .
moreover , if the propagation of the virus is not completely suppressed , it can lead to the development of resistant viruses , against which drugs are no longer effective .
the work being done by experts from three institutions , the czech academy of sciences , všcht prague , and the university of heidelberg , is opening up the way to deal with the rthe virus &apos; resistance .
they have shown that substances known as metallacarboranes act on the protein responsible for the proliferation of the hiv virus .
metallacarboranes are a compound of boron , hydrogen , carbon , and cobalt .
these compounds block the spread of the virus in a different way to all the other drugs in use today , and so they may get over the resistance problem .
in their work , the scientists are coming up with new ‘ improved ’ compounds , prepared using knowledge of the molecular mechanism and its relation to the virus protein .
metallacarboranes have a unique three-dimensional structure : two multi-walled cages consisting of boron , hydrogen and carbon atoms are connected to a metal atom , in this case cobalt .
a treacherous and hardy virus
the hiv protease is the protein of the hiv virus , which is essential to the life-cycle of the virus .
the mature infectious viral corpuscles would not occur if the hiv virus was not split by the hiv protease .
if we can stop the hiv protease , we will also stop the virus from spreading through the patient &apos;s body , the scientists explained in a press release published by the institute of organic chemistry and biochemistry of the czech academy of sciences .
in a paper published in the journal of medicinal chemistry , the scientists describe a series of compounds in which there are two pairs of cages ( see the diagram ) connected by a short organic chain , which is then systematically modified .
somewhat weaker , but more reliable
the effectiveness of this series of substances against the hiv protease has been tested in a test-tube , as well as its effectiveness against the more immune ( resistant ) strain as acquired from patients infected with the hiv virus .
the effect of metallacarboranes on the normal strain of the enzyme is not as strong as that of drugs used in clinical practice , although their effect is not diminished against the resistant strains , whereas drugs currently used are often ineffective .
the unique mechanism of the effect and also of its other properties , such as its biological and chemical stability , low toxicity , and the possibility of making other chemical modifications , make metallacarboranes an interesting compound for future research aimed at suggesting new effective drugs to combat hiv , says pavlína řezáčová , head of the structural biology laboratory at the institute of organic chemistry and biochemistry and the institute of molecular genetics of the academy of sciences .
fall-out over the budget . ods attacks fischer , who defends himself
the head of the ods , mirek topolánek , described the next year &apos;s approved budget as &quot; terrible &quot; and said that premier jan fischer &apos;s government should seriously rethink its position in office .
the government chairman described the ods statement as strong words .
apparently he will take some time to think about it .
the vice-chairman of the ods , petr nečas , said that the concept of an interim government supported by the čssd , ods , and green party , was evidently no longer working .
according to nečas , the government chairman must decide if he intends to fall back on the minority in the house as a fight against the growing deficit , or if he is to stay in office with the help of the parliamentary left .
the approaches taken by the ods and social democrats on the issue of public deficits are diametrically opposed , remarked nečas .
on wednesday , the house accepted the budget for 2010 , naturally with the left &apos;s proposed amendments for more than 12 billion crowns .
the house gave extra money for the salaries of state employees , for social services , and for direct payments to farmers .
he government criticised the social democrats &apos; proposals , saying that they will surreptitiously increase the budget deficit .
the czech republic should get by with a deficit of 163 billion crowns .
before the vote , the ods left the room , complying with the government &apos;s wishes that the amended budget is not as poor an option as the provisional budget .
disappointment and futility
the finance minister , eduard janota , has spoken about his feeling of disappointment and futility , while premier jan fischer said that the government is still assessing the current situation .
nečas is convinced that if janota were to really threaten to resign should the proposed amendments be accepted , the situation would look completely different .
according to czech television , janota has made an appointment to see the prime minister on monday after the session .
at the same time , he indicated that he was rethinking his position in office .
the reason for this is his disappointment in the budget talks .
if fischer commits himself to continuing the fight against the budget deficit , nečas believes that the čssd appointees who carried through the budget amendments have no place in the government .
the prime minister should also clearly state that he will hand in his resignation if the house approves other laws that will increase the deficit , those relating to sick pay , pensions , or the amendment to the civil servants act for example .
topolánek : ministers appointed to the ods have committed no offence
this is a matter for the ministerial chairman fischer and the government as a whole .
ministers appointed to the ods have done nothing wrong , stressed topolánek in a text report from the usa .
he pointed out that several ministries employ people in under-secretary positions who support top 09 , which voted against the budget .
nečas emphasised that , if fischer were to decide to resign on the principle of the fight against the public finances deficit , &quot; it is totally logical and correct that he falls back on the left majority currently in the house . &quot;
but then he would not be able to count on the support and tolerance of the civil democrats .
i haven &apos;t thought about it , and i &apos;ll concentrate on that when the time comes , defence minister martin barták told reporters in the house , having been elected by the civil democrats .
this afternoon , prime minister fischer flew to brussels to attend a european council meeting .
ods stands down at the request of the prime minister
nečas also stressed that , on wednesday in the house , the ods would evidently have voted against the amended budget if the prime minister had not explicitly asked the civil democrats to allow the budget to be approved .
we don &apos;t look like orphans , we &apos;re not little children , was how he reacted to the question of whether the ods was not hampered by the presence of the party chairman in the parliament and in the czech republic during the political negotiations regarding the budget .
i didn &apos;t notice that my vote was missing .
back when i renounced my mandate , i knew that the following months would see the bolshevisation of the house and the destruction of all that is positive , topolánek himself responded .
the new czech railways timetable shows that fewer trains will be running for almost the same fares
from december 13th , czech railways will be cancelling or restricting some less frequented express and local trains , but will be adding more services to other lines .
as of the day the new timetable comes into force , there will be two percent fewer services in comparison with now .
most fares , including basic and special tickets , will stay the same .
more links to the capital will be available , for example , to the people in the ostrava region , as the railways are adding one pendolino to that line .
however , the express will stop running to bratislava .
there will be fewer express trains on the prague - písek - české budějovice route , and the direct service from prague - letohrad will be cut dramatically .
the region planning the greatest transport cuts is the region of hradec králové , with a total cut of eight percent , although prague and the surrounding area can expect to see a rise .
two night trains on the prague - tábor - české budějovice line are also being cut , and several express services on the prague - písek - české budějovice route will be reduced to just a few days a week .
one of the greatest changes is the introduction of the new direct line from milovice to prague , since people now travelling from milovice have to change in lysá nad labem .
this is the fifteenth line in the esko suburban system , which can now be opened since the track from lysá nad labem to milovice has been fully electrified .
long-distance services to the capital will end at the prague hlavní nádraží station .
czech railways is introducing more pendolino routes between prague and ostrava and trains to šumperk / jeseník will run on two-hour intervals .
from december 13th , passengers will no longer be able to take pendolino to bratislava .
this year &apos;s cost of regional railways : 200 million more
express trains are ordered and paid for by the ministry of transport , and next year it will give the railways four billion crowns to cover demonstrable losses , the same amount as this year . local trains are ordered by the regional authorities , who , next year , will pay out a total of eight billion crowns for them , while almost three billion will be contributed by the state .
this year , regional trains are costing 200 million more .
czech railways have concluded a new ten-year contract for local and express trains , whereas , previously , the contract was always for one year .
the railways have praised the system , despite the fact that the great majority of fares have not been increased .
the only changes are to čd net one-day network tickets and eliška cheap internet tickets .
travellers without a customer card will find that the čd net price has increased from 450 crowns to 600 crowns .
the eliška price will now depend on the distance travelled , whereas , previously , it was a flat rate of 160 crowns to travel between any regional cities .
filipino gunmen still holding more than 50 people , children have been released
today , gunmen in the south of the philippines kidnapped 75 people , including several primary school students and their teachers .
this from the afp agency , which originally announced only 65 abductees .
all 17 of the captured children , together with their teacher , were released after eight hours .
the kidnapping happened in the province of agusan del sur .
around 19 gunmen are apparently using the hostages as a human shield in their escape from the police .
local negotiators are now trying to arrange the release of the remaining hostages .
according to afp , the gunmen are part of the new people &apos;s army ( npa ) , which is the armed faction of the communist party of the philippines ( cpp ) .
according to ap , the police had originally been chasing the kidnappers following violence that occurred as accounts were settled between two local family clans .
in the province of maguindanao , in the south of the philippines , martial law has been declared due to the recent massacre which left 57 people dead .
the victims of the massacre on november 23rd , which was related to the elections for governor , included 30 reporters .
the governor of this southern filipino province has been arrested on suspicion of involvement in the massacre , together with his father andal ampatuan , the patriarch of the influential ampatuan family .
muslim separatists are also active on mindanao .
but on tuesday , these separatists renewed peace talks with the filipino government .
the story of south africa affects everyone , says morgan freeman alias mandela
in the next few days , the new hollywood film invictus by clint eastwood will hit american cinemas , depicting part of the life of the former south african president nelson mandela .
the role of the world-famous opponent of apartheid is taken on by morgan freeman , who was apparently chosen years ago by mandela himself for his talent .
the supporting male role of the legendary south african rugby champion francois pienaar is played by matt damon .
with the film in cinemas critics and the public
nelson mandela
nelson rolihlahla mandela was born on july 18th , 1918 in mvez , in south africa .
in 1988 he was awarded the sakharov prize for freedom of thought , and in 1993 received the nobel peace prize with de klerk .
he was president of south africa from 1994 to 1999 .
there were great expectations , as he appeared in public at a time when not only was south africa busy preparing for the football world championship , but the media was also rife with worrying news about increasing racial hatred and discrimination by the black majority .
according to the ap news agency , the response to the new film has so far been generally positive in south africa , despite the number of objections to &quot; brat-pack &quot; hollywood stars being cast in the main roles .
however , despite what he says , morgan freeman is proud of the new film .
i had dreamt about this role for many years and prepared for it well .
i met nelson mandela many times to , as they say , draw on his energy , he said in an interview after the film &apos;s grand premiere in los angeles .
i think it &apos;s good that we can commemorate mandela and his mission in a film .
it is a story about south africa , but it affects everybody , he added .
in the national rugby team uniform
the film , based on the book by the british writer john carlin , entitled playing the enemy : nelson mandela and the game that made a nation , portrays the south african human rights activist during his first presidential election campaign .
in the film , morgan freeman tries to unite the two races and the populations that had so long been segregated and , like nelson mandela did in 1995 , appears in the film in the south african national rugby uniform at the world cup match , which was won by south africa .
for appearing in the kit , which is an almost sacred symbol in south africa , fourteen years ago , mandela received a standing ovation from the predominantly white spectators and gained the esteem of the white people .
perhaps a football championship can actually bring people together as one nation , said rugby player chester williams , who in 1995 was the only black person on the national team .
whether the tense situation in south africa will improve is only now becoming apparent .
white south africans , however , are sceptical , as rugby fan christopher dawson , who fled the country to go to britain , admitted in a recent interview for ln .
the championship begins on june 11th , 2010 .
transformer worth tens of millions of crowns burns in louny region
in the morning , a fire broke out in a transformer owned by čeps at the switching station in the village of výškov , near louny .
six fire engines came out to fight the fire , said the spokesman for the ústí regional firefighters , lukáš marvan .
originally , the firefighters wanted to let the transformer burn , but later changed their minds and are putting the fire out using a mix of water , foam , and special fire-suppression agents .
the fire was caused by a technical fault , a short circuit inside the transformer .
nobody was hurt , and according to company spokesperson pavla mandátová , the incident will not hinder the safe operation of the distribution station .
the damage is estimated at several tens of millions of crowns , although the exact figure will not be known until the fire has been extinguished .
mandátová says that the ruined transformer will have to be replaced with a new one .
she added that nothing like this had ever happened in the ten years that čeps has been operating , and this kind of fault was a one-off .
according to čez spokeswoman for northern bohemia , sonia holingerová hendrychová , there were no power cuts and households , offices and companies were not affected by the transformer fire .
in the czech republic , the joint stock company čeps is the exclusive operator of transmission systems and 400 kv and 220 kv power lines .
it maintains , restores and develops 39 switching stations with 67 transformers converting electricity from the transmission system to the distribution system , as well as 4339 kilometres of power lines .
jančura files a slander suit against three čssd commissioners
the owner of student agency , radim jančura , will today file a slander suit against three social democrat commissioners .
these are michal hašek , commissioner for south moravia , radko martínek , commissioner for pardubice , and olomouc commissioner martin tesařík .
jančura announced this in the twenty minutes programme on radiožurnál .
the suit relates to the company &apos;s attempts to operate regional trains in certain regions .
however , all the regions eventually signed a long-term contract with czech railways .
so now all three commissioners are attacking us and saying that we &apos;re getting the best out of it , while the offer we put forward was just what they themselves wanted .
they claim that we &apos;re more expensive than czech railways , which is not true , as we know the czech railways prices that were concluded last week .
so all we can do is defend ourselves .
it &apos;s for slander against student agency , jančura told radiožurnál .
he also said that he has proof from all the regional authorities that they did not act in accordance with european law .
he is therefore preparing a motion for the european commission .
hašek sees the suit as a further continuation of mr jančura &apos;s great media show , which works as a free advertisement for himself and his company .
it &apos;s understandable that i &apos;m prepared to defend my good name and that of my region , and i call upon the other commissioners to do the same .
i expect that this matter will clearly show that it is mr jančura who is manipulating the public over regional rail transport and using lies and false arguments , said hašek .
last week , jančura said that he is investing several million crowns in advertising to draw attention to these inappropriate actions taken by the regional authorities .
he told radiožurnál that he was halting the campaign for christmas and would restart it in the new year .
he specified that the campaign would fight corruption as such .
jančura started the campaign after the regions decided to operate regional rail links with czech railways and had not announced tenders for the order , worth around 150 billion crowns .
according to jančura this is illegal and in contravention of the principles of the european court of justice .
jančura claims that his criticism of regional rail transport has already led to his being threatened by a member of the čssd .
the only threat was that if we don &apos;t stop this , we could lose our bus licence .
he introduced himself as a member of the čssd , i know who it was but i &apos;m not going to say his name , jančura told radiožurnál today .
vaccinations against pneumococcus will be free and voluntary .
starting january , vaccinations against pneumococcus will radically change ingrained habits .
these should be the first free yet voluntary vaccinations for families .
but some are saying that compulsory vaccinations would be more effective .
preparations for the introduction of free anti-pneumococcus vaccinations are reaching a peak .
the pharmaceutical institute is already setting the maximum price for vaccines to be paid for by health insurance companies .
experts are now clear on how to proceed with the vaccinations .
new vaccinations
vaccines free of charge for children born in august
starting january , there could be free anti-pneumococcus vaccinations for children born on or after august 2nd .
the condition is that they have not received any prior vaccinations .
anyone who began to be vaccinated last year or earlier will have to pay for any later re-vaccinations .
the first batch of vaccinations must be given when the child is between 3 and 5 months old .
last year , one in four families had their children voluntarily vaccinated against pneumococcus .
parents paid 1600 crowns or more per vaccination .
the youngest children require four vaccinations .
overall , experts estimate that health insurance companies spend 300 to 450 thousand crowns a year on vaccinations .
but they save on the treatment that unvaccinated children would otherwise need .
so far , the state has been paying around 500 thousand crowns a year on all general vaccinations for children .
subsidised vaccinations were introduced as part of the janota package .
pneumococcus causes infections of the middle ear , but also serious infections of the cerebral membranes and blood poisoning .
pneumococcal infections claim the lives of up to 28 children under the age of ten every year , according to hospital figures .
besides the czech republic , around 40 countries have introduced general anti-pneumococcus vaccinations for children .
will vaccinations be compulsory ?
some believe that in the future these vaccinations could be compulsory .
as of january , they should be paid for by the insurance companies and not compulsory .
the head of the nahlas civil association , rudolf kalovský , says that compulsory vaccinations would be better .
his association has long been promoting pneumococcus vaccines .
the specialists at the international conference that our association attended were not very happy to hear that we have voluntary vaccinations .
it &apos;s not completely ideal .
on the other hand , we &apos;re happy that we managed to get at least these voluntary vaccinations in place .
i think this is the route we have to take , said kalovský .
the ministry of health , however , does not want to change the pneumococcus vaccination system .
we &apos;re not considering it at this time , said ministry spokesman vlastimil sršeň .
voluntary vaccinations have their drawbacks , say doctors
the chairwoman of the professional society of paediatricians , hana cabrnochová , acknowledges that voluntary vaccinations have their drawbacks .
if all children were vaccinated , the number of revaccinations could then be cut . &quot; with vaccines costing so much , we can understand the political decision that vaccinations should be offered on a voluntary basis , &quot; says cabrnochová .
experts assume that , starting next year , more than 80 percent of new parents will have their babies vaccinated against pneumococcus .
the anti-pneumococcus vaccinations are a milestone in that they are the first general vaccinations for children to be paid for by the insurance companies , not the state .
insurance companies should fund prevention to save money on later treatment , explains cabrnochová .
doctors will have to buy vaccines themselves
however , practising paediatricians are concerned when it comes to buying the vaccines .
according to the original plan , the vaccines would be purchased by the insurance companies , and doctors would receive them in the same way that the state issues drugs for other vaccinations .
some ministers , however , are worried that the insurance companies could &quot; run wild with health insurance funds &quot; .
so doctors will have to buy the vaccines and wait until the insurance companies refund the money .
it is estimated that practising paediatricians will have to spend 40 thousand a month on vaccines , which is a lot of money .
it certainly won &apos;t be easy , says cabrnochová .
us artist &apos;s son &apos; in museum theft&apos;
the son of renowned american fantasy artist frank frazetta , has been charged with trying to steal paintings worth $ 20m ( £ 12m ) from his father &apos;s museum .
police in pennsylvania say alfonso frank frazetta was caught loading 90 paintings into his vehicle and trailer .
they say mr frazetta and another man used an excavator to break into the museum in the pocono mountains region .
mr frazetta snr , aged 81 , is famed for his depiction of characters such as conan the barbarian and tarzan .
the artist was in florida at the time of the incident , the associated press news agency reported .
ap quoted an unnamed police official as saying the younger mr frazetta may have been motivated by a family feud .
a police affidavit said mr frazetta jnr , 52 , claimed he had been instructed by his father to &quot; enter the museum by any means necessary to move all the paintings to a storage facility &quot; , the agency reported .
mr frazetta snr denied granting any such permission , the agency said .
labour defends budget tax rises
ministers have defended the tax rises and spending cuts announced in the pre-budget report against criticism from the opposition , business and unions .
the tories said alistair darling &quot; blew &quot; an opportunity to show he was serious about cutting the deficit by delaying decisions until after the election .
the chancellor also came under fire for hitting low and middle income workers .
among his headline proposals are a 0.5 % rise in national insurance and a 1 % cap on public pay settlements from 2011 .
national insurance anger
unions have protested that low-paid workers are being penalised for a recession not of their making and warned of &quot; problems &quot; ahead .
the national insurance increase - which will raise about £ 3bn a year - has angered the business community , which says it is a tax on jobs when the focus should be on economic recovery .
the increase , limited to those earning more than £ 20,000 a year , will hit about 10 million workers .
key points of pbr
national insurance up by a further 0.5 % from april 2011
economy to shrink by worse than expected 4.75 % this year
new 50 % tax on banker bonuses
1p rise in corporation tax for small firms scrapped
tax rebates for electric cars and wind turbines
state pension to rise by 2.5 %
according to treasury estimates , someone earning £ 30,000 will be £ 90 a year worse off and someone on £ 40,000 will be £ 190 worse off , while someone earning £ 10,000 a year will be £ 110 better off .
ministers said their target of halving the deficit by 2013 meant &quot; difficult decisions &quot; but insisted that 60 % of the burden of extra taxes would fall upon the top 5 % of earners .
treasury minister stephen timms denied the tax rises and spending cuts outlined were a &quot; drop in the ocean &quot; compared to what was needed .
&quot; these are large numbers . they will deliver for us this halving of the deficit which is absolutely essential over the next four years , &quot; he told the bbc .
mr timms said he was confident the economy would return to growth by the turn of the year .
however , labour forecasts for future economic growth - which will influence the amount it has to borrow and how quickly he deficit is cut - have been questioned after the chancellor was forced to revise earlier figures .
in his statement , he said the economy was likely to contract 4.75 % this year - far worse than the 3.5 % decline predicted in april - while borrowing would be £ 3bn higher than earlier estimated .
&apos;blown opportunity&apos;
the conservatives , who will launch a new advertising campaign on thursday warning of labour &apos;s &quot; debt crisis &quot; , said projected borrowing of £ 789bn over the next six years was unsustainable .
mnisters had failed to lay out a credible plan for how they would pay this back , they added , &quot; cynically &quot; ducking tough choices until after the election - which must be held by june 2010 .
&quot; they have not included anything of significance they are going to do , &quot; said shadow treasury minister philip hammond . &quot; they had an opportunity to do it and they have blown it . &quot;
&quot; the all important announcements will come after the election , whoever wins it &quot;
roger bootle , deloitte
labour insist that schools , hospitals and the police will be protected from future cuts unlike under tory proposals which would see the deficit cut faster and further .
but the lib dems said the money raised by tax rises and spending cuts would be used to support spending next year not to reduce the deficit , arguing the plans were &quot; built on sand &quot; .
the bbc &apos;s political editor nick robinson said some of the timing of the announcements - such as the above inflation increase in some disability benefits next april - would leave the chancellor open to accusations of electioneering as the money may simply be clawed back the year after .
however , labour insist the extra help is being provided when people need it most and the situation will be reviewed in september 2010 .
&apos;phoney budget&apos;
although ministers did not publish spending details for beyond 2011 , economists said it was clear the squeeze on public spending would only begin to bite in the medium term .
the respected institute for fiscal studies said the chancellor &apos;s figures implied substantial cuts in many areas , potentially including transport , higher education , science and defence , in the future .
&quot; it really is holding off the pain until later , &quot; said its director robert chote .
&quot; the all important announcements will come after the election , whoever wins it , &quot; added roger bootle , economic adviser to accountants deloitte .
&quot; this has been the phoney pre-budget report . the markets realise this . &quot;
fbi probes &apos; us pakistan arrests&apos;
the fbi is investigating the arrest in pakistan of five reported us men on suspicion of extremist links .
the men were arrested in a raid on a house in sarghoda in eastern punjab province , pakistan &apos;s us embassy told the bbc .
the fbi has said it is investigating whether they are the same men who were reported missing from their homes in the us state of virginia last month .
the us state department said it was also seeking information on the men .
three of them are reported to be of pakistani descent , one of egyptian heritage and the other of a yemeni background .
&quot; if they are american citizens , we of course are going to be very interested in the charges that they &apos;ve been detained on and in what sort of circumstances they &apos;re being held , &quot; said spokesman ian kelly .
fbi spokeswoman katherine schweit said the agency was aware of the arrests and was in contact with the families of the missing students .
&quot; we are working with pakistan authorities to determine their identities and the nature of their business there , if indeed these are the students who had gone missing , &quot; she said .
the pakistani embassy in washington said the men were arrested in a house belonging to an uncle of one of them .
he said the house was already of interest to local police and that no charges had yet been filed against the arrested men .
secretary of state hillary clinton declined to comment on the arrests , reported the reuters news agency , but said the us had to &quot; work more closely with both afghanistan and pakistan to try to root out the infrastructure of terrorism that continues to recruit and train people &quot; .
the five students were reported missing from their homes in northern virginia by their families in late november .
amnesty condemns iranian &apos; abuses&apos;
human rights in iran are as poor as at any time over the past 20 years , according to a report from campaign group amnesty international .
the report details &quot; patterns of abuse &quot; by the regime before and after disputed presidential elections in june .
one man quoted in the report said he had been beaten and burned with cigarettes . another said he was threatened with rape .
iran has dismissed previous criticism of its human rights record .
officials have said such criticism is politically motivated .
thousands of people were arrested and dozens killed in iran after the disputed election of president mahmoud ahmadinejad led to the largest street protests since the 1979 islamic revolution .
dozens have been given jail terms , and prosecutors say at least five people have been sentenced to death .
bbc tehran correspondent , jon leyne , who is now in london , says that early in the protests , the supreme leader , ayatollah ali khamenei , accepted some of the allegations of abuse , ordering the closure of the kahrizak detention centre .
but since then , there has been almost no tolerance of criticism by the authorities , our correspondent says .
&apos;false confession&apos;
amnesty international cited the account of 26-year-old computing student ebrahim mehtari , who said he was accused of &quot; working with facebook networks &quot; and protesting against the election result .
&quot; they frequently beat me on the face , &quot; he was quoted as saying .
&quot; i was burned with cigarettes under my eyes , on the neck , head ... they threatened to execute me and they humiliated me . &quot;
after five days he signed a false confession and was taken out and left in the street , still bleeding and semi-conscious , amnesty said .
in august , defeated presidential candidate mehdi karroubi said some protesters detained after the election had been tortured to death in prison and others had been raped .
iranian officials denied the rape claims , but admitted that abuses had taken place .
amnesty also cited the case of a former detainee who said he was held in a container with 75 others for more than eight weeks at a detention centre at kahrizak .
amnesty accepted that the iranian parliament and judiciary had established committees to investigate the post-election unrest and the government &apos;s response , but it said the mandate and powers of the bodies were unclear and the parliamentary committee &apos;s findings had not been made public .
the group said at least 90 people had been arrested in the past three weeks to forestall further demonstrations .
ski slope is created in city park
more than 100 tonnes of artificial snow were used to turn a bristol landmark into a piste for a competition .
the piste in the park event attracted 16 semi-professional skiers and snow borders competing for cash prizes .
at the top of the slope in brandon hill park there was a short jump ramp before a 100m-long slope .
fourth-year medical student john hickman said there was a beautiful view from the top of the slope but it was pretty daunting .
it &apos;s a beautiful view with all the city lights below all twinkling .
there &apos;s some of the best skiers and snow borders in the county here - some real talent , &quot; he added .
prizes were awarded for the best tricks - or manoeuvres performed on the slope .
after thursday evening &apos;s event the snow will be left to melt away .
still them and us
can islam be french ?
pluralism and pragmatism in a secularist state .
at a time when swiss voters have called for a ban on the construction of minarets and there is widespread alarm over the supposed islamisation of europe , john bowen , an american academic , has written an informed and measured account of whether muslims can integrate — and are integrating — into one of the continent ’ s most avowedly secular societies .
some readers will come to this new book as admirers of the author ’ s last work , &quot; why the french don ’ t like headscarves &quot; ( 2006 ) , an elegant and closely argued study of an issue that divided and preoccupied the country for a decade and a half , and whose effects are still felt today .
mr bowen ’ s latest book has a broader and more ambitious canvas .
as a good anthropologist , he wants to know not just what the politicians and the media are saying about islam in france , but what is actually happening on the ground .
he has spent months in the mosques , schools and institutes which now provide france ’ s 5m-6m muslims with what mr bowen calls &quot; islamic spaces &quot; .
he is a good listener , reproducing debates between teachers and students about the questions that concern them most .
should a muslim get married in a mosque or a town hall ( or both ) ?
should young muslims be taught about evolution and gay rights ?
can a muslim woman marry a non-muslim man ?
is it legitimate for a muslim to use an interest-based banking system to get a mortgage ?
it is these seemingly mundane issues , he argues , that are the stuff of daily life rather than the political dramas that preoccupy the media .
the author identifies a new generation of imams , teachers and intellectuals , none of them household names , with the possible exception of tariq ramadan , a swiss-born arab muslim scholar and academic .
this new generation is trying to open up the debate about how to be both a good muslim and a good citizen in a modern secular society .
they are not having the argument all their way .
conservatives are suspicious of the very idea of a french or european islam .
the thinkers and activists whom mr bowen interviews tend to be at odds with their salafi counterparts — advocates of the purist sunni islam associated with saudi arabia — who nowadays have a small but influential presence among europe ’ s muslims .
mr bowen thinks that muslim values and french secularism could be compatible .
but accommodation requires give-and-take on both sides .
he questions how far french policymakers ( and the intellectual elite that so fiercely guards laïcité ) are really committed to pluralism .
he suggests that muslims are probably getting a rawer deal than the catholics , protestants and jews who have also had to make their historic compromises with secular republicanism .
rather than a growing pragmatism , he detects a &quot; tightening of the value-screws &quot; .
can islam be french ? after reading this book , one is inclined to say , &quot; yes , but not yet . &quot;
the bleakest outlook in the world
the arctic is changing faster and more dramatically than any other environment on the planet .
the ice that defines it is melting with alarming speed , taking with it life that can survive nowhere else .
oil , gas , shipping and fishing interests have been heading into the newly open water , with diplomats , lawyers , and now authors , in their wake .
in &quot; on thin ice &quot; richard ellis , a writer and illustrator , paints a natural history of the icon of the north , the polar bear .
well-versed in the complicated history and politics of whaling , he describes the long tradition of arctic explorers who proved themselves by taking on the white bear .
admiral nelson ’ s encounter as a plucky 14-year-old midshipman fighting only with the butt of his musket is surely a myth , but others are true .
young bears , captured as they swam after the bodies of their newly killed mothers , were caught and sent to zoos and circuses .
one early 20th-century big-top act featured 75 polar bears at once .
even today , zoo enclosures are still typically a millionth of the area of a wild adult ’ s range . the climate is rarely suitable : the resident polar bear in singapore has turned green from algae growing within the hollow hairs of its coat .
click here to find out more !
mr ellis draws on the accounts of other writers and historians , and often returns to the threat that hunters pose to the survival of the species .
although banned in norway , america and russia , the killing continues in greenland and canada , where hunters in helicopters and skidoo-riding inuit indians both use high-powered assault rifles to bring down their quarry .
ironically it is in the waters towards the north of those two hunting nations that the ice will last longest .
in his new book , &quot; after the ice &quot; , alun anderson , a former editor of new scientist , offers a clear and chilling account of the science of the arctic and a gripping glimpse of how the future may turn out there .
not that scientists have all the answers .
neither atmospheric scientists nor oceanographers can adequately account for the speed of the changes .
it is not for want of trying .
fridtjof nansen ’ s pioneering journeys at the end of the 19th century and early 20th century first hinted at the whirling of the ice pack .
cold-war submarines then mapped the shifting ridges running beneath it .
satellite surveys and large arrays of iceberg-mounted probes are a useful addition , but much is still done by hardy individuals camped out in the cold .
mr anderson looks in on the extraordinary , tiny world of the tributary system within the arctic ice , formed by trickles of briny water which gets squeezed as it freezes .
but from the bear above to the microscopic wonders within , all are doomed once the summer ice goes , which is expected to happen at some point between 2013 and 2050 .
&apos;in a few months ... this could be us&apos;
marines among 6,000 who place wreaths on graves at arlington
pfc. de &apos;angello robinson , 19 , traveled seven hours by bus to place a single wreath on the tomb of a soldier whom he &apos;d never met .
for him , and the other marines who took the trip from camp johnson in jacksonville , n.c. to arlington national cemetery to decorate graves , the day was about paying tribute to men and women who once stood in their shoes .
in a few months , from where we are getting shipped out , this could be us , said robinson of the fallen soldiers .
if it is us , i would want somebody to do the same for me so i &apos;m just trying to show respect .
he was one of more than 6,000 volunteers who gathered saturday morning to place wreaths on veterans &apos; gravesites across several sections of arlington ceremony .
in 1992 , morrill worcester , owner of worcester wreath company in harrington , maine , began the event when he and several others decided to decorate several hundred gravesites at arlington ceremony .
now an 18-year-old tradition , morrill and his wife karen , make the trip every year stopping in different cities along the way to host events dedicated to the people in the military and victims of terrorism .
the worcesters also founded a non-profit , wreaths across america , which has spread the event across other states .
this year , volunteers placed more than 16,000 wreaths on the graves at arlington cemetery , areas at the pentagon , graves at fayetteville national cemetery in arkansas , battery park in new york city and on the memorial site for united airlines flight 93 in shanksville , pa .
for the second year , the walmart foundation donated more than $ 150,000 to purchase , and transport the wreaths .
charleen hunt , 70 , of westminster , said she made the trip to arlington in honor of her husband , a deceased career military man .
while her husband is not buried at arlington , hunt said this was her way of giving back to those who made sacrifices .
it &apos;s a small way civilians can support our troops , she said .
it &apos;s like visiting a family gravesite .
wrapped in layers of warm clothing , volunteers walked across the cemetery &apos;s expansive lawns and hills .
volunteers targeted older tombs from world war i , world war ii , and the war in vietnam because they are not visited as often as newer graves , organizers said .
the mood was upbeat as children played and couples held hands while carrying the fresh pine to the graying tombstones .
each circular wreath was a deep green with a small red bow fastened across the top .
nearby , section 60 , where most veterans of the wars in iraq and afghanistan are buried , remained virtually silent .
the united service organizations donated 1,000 wreaths to decorate the section but the somber mood of the current wars filled the area .
individuals openly wept , others prayed , and families and friends held each other in the frigid air .
some read aloud names carved into the stones while others bowed to see small black and white place cards pushed inside wet mud for those whose tombstones have not yet been completed .
sandra lockwood was one of the many mothers wiping tears from her eyes in front of her son &apos;s grave .
she drove eight hours from zanesfield , ohio to visit the gravesite of marine gunnery sgt. david shane spicer who died in combat in july .
nobody should ever forget why we &apos;re free . . .my son paid for that , she said .
&quot; when i &apos;m long gone , i want someone to remember him . &quot;
u.s. government contractor arrested by cuban officials
the cuban government has arrested a u.s. government contractor who was distributing cellphones and laptop computers in the country , state department officials said saturday .
the contractor , who has not yet been identified , works for development alternatives inc . , based in bethesda .
the company works on projects for clients such as the u.s. agency for international development and the world bank .
consular officers with the u.s. interest section in havana are seeking access to the detainee , who was arrested dec. 5 .
the specific charges have not been made public , though under cuban law , a cuban citizen or a foreign visitor can be arrested for nearly anything under the claim of &quot; dangerousness . &quot;
all so-called counter-revolutionary activities , which include mild protests and critical writings , carry the risk of arrest .
anti-government graffiti and speech are considered serious crimes .
cuba has a fledging blogging community , led by the popular commentator yoani sánchez , who often writes about how she and her husband are followed and harassed by government agents .
sánchez has repeatedly applied for permission to leave the country to accept awards but has been denied permission .
the detention of an american contractor may likely raise tensions between the castro brothers communist government in cuba and the obama administration , which has been pursuing a &quot; go-slow &quot; approach to improving relations with the island .
news of the arrest was first reported by the new york times friday night .
the new u.s. policy stresses that if the cuban government takes concrete steps , such as freeing political prisoners and creating more space for opposition , the united states will reciprocate .
cellphones and laptops are legal in cuba , though they are new and coveted commodities in a country where the average wage of a government worker is $ 15 a month .
the cuban government granted ordinary citizens the right to buy cellphones just this year ; they are used mostly for texting , as a 15-minute telephone conversation would eat up a day &apos;s wages .
internet use is extremely limited on the island .
it is available in expensive hotels and to foreign visitors there , and at some government outlets , such as universities .
cubans who want to log on often have to give their names to the government .
access to many web sites is restricted .
the detention of an american in cuba is rare .
most of the handful of u.s. citizens in jail in cuba are behind bars for crimes such as drug smuggling , said gloria berbena , the press officer at the u.s. interests section in havana .
berbena said she could not provide more information on the arrest .
the arrest and detention are clearly wrong .
an activity that in any other open society would be legal -- giving away free cellphones -- is in cuba a crime , said jose miguel vivanco , director of the americas program of the group human rights watch , which recently issued a tough report on freedoms in cuba called &quot; new castro , same cuba , &quot; a reference to the installation of raul castro as the leader of the country to replace his ailing older brother fidel .
vivanco said that the accused are often arrested , tried and imprisoned in a day .
he said that any solution would likely be political and that the cuban government often provokes a negative reaction in the united states just as the two countries begin to move toward more dialogue .
pakistani officials unraveling plot to send men to afghanistan
pakistani authorities on saturday zeroed in on the alleged mastermind of a plot to send five northern virginia men to afghanistan to kill u.s. troops , saying they hope the case could help unravel an extensive network of terrorist recruiters who scour the internet for radicalized young men .
investigators said they were hunting for a shadowy insurgent figure known as saifullah , who invited the men to pakistan after first discovering them when one made comments approving of terror attacks on the internet video site youtube .
saifullah guided the men once they were in pakistan , attempting to help them reach the remote area in pakistan &apos;s tribal belt that is home to al-qaeda and its terrorist training camps .
but a pakistani intelligence official who had been briefed on the case said saturday that saifullah was unsuccessful in convincing al-qaeda commanders that the men were not part of a cia plot to infiltrate the terrorist network .
as a result , they were marooned for days in the eastern city of sargodha , far from the forbidding mountains of the northwest that have become a terrorist haven .
they were regarded as a sting operation .
that &apos;s why they were rejected , said the official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the case .
the official said the men were undeterred and were still trying to acquire the right endorsements to gain access to the al-qaeda camps when they were arrested by pakistani law enforcement .
the case of the five -- who remain in pakistan and are being questioned by the fbi -- underscores the critical role of recruiters in identifying potential terrorists and , perhaps more importantly , determining who can be trusted .
since the sept . 11 , 2001 , attacks , u.s. intelligence has made it a top priority to try to place human assets inside al-qaeda .
the organization &apos;s recruiters act as gatekeepers , keeping out those who are not serious about their commitment to holy war , and those who could be spies .
would-be american recruits are treated by al-qaeda with special scrutiny , analysts said .
but they are also considered enormously appealing to the group because of their potential to access u.s. targets and because of their propaganda value .
but evan kohlmann , senior analyst with the u.s.-based nefa foundation , said terror groups have also become much more cautious in recent years about who they allow in because u.s. intelligence agencies have become experts in their recruiting methods .
if you &apos;re trying to sink someone into these groups , what better way than to follow the recruitment model that so many have already followed ? kohlmann said .
the model is one that has become far more web-based .
tens of thousands protest in copenhagen , demand climate &apos; action&apos;
tens of thousands of protesters marched on the streets here saturday , demanding bolder action on climate from the negotiators working inside the city &apos;s bella convention center .
protesters said as many 100,000 people joined in the event , but police estimated the count was closer to 25,000 .
the event was relatively peaceful , though a handful of masked activists set off small explosives near a group of government buildings downtown .
on a day when little happened in the u.n.-sponsored climate talks , thousands of activists walked across the city holding banners in english saying &quot; there is no planet b &quot; and one in spanish declaring , &quot; the earth is saying , &apos; enough . &apos; 
several celebrities joined the protest , including danish model and photographer helena christensen , who said that traveling to her mother &apos;s native country of peru made me aware of the heartbreaking issues the country is dealing with due to the impacts of climate changes that are already occurring . &quot;
this is part of the reason why i have decided to join the big march -- to pass on the word and to appeal to the world &apos;s leaders to deliver a fair , ambitious and binding deal , she said .
it is not an easy task , but it needs to be done , there is no way around it anymore .
the police kept the protesters from getting too close to the bella center , and said they had arrested 19 people , primarily on the grounds that they had either worn masks or carried pocket knives .
those activities are banned during demonstrations under danish law .
according to one bystander , who asked not to be identified because he is involved in the climate talks , activists sporting masks and black outfits set off several explosives near copenhagen &apos;s main canal , which is nearby several ministries .
they were lobbing them by the buildings , he said , adding they began as flares but were followed by &quot; a couple big explosions . &quot;
inside the convention center , people gathered around television screens to watch the march throughout the afternoon .
but the protest did not seem to penetrate the consciousness of key officials such as su wei , china &apos;s chief climate negotiator .
when asked whether he thought the demonstration was having a constructive impact on the international deliberations , he replied in english , &quot; actually , that is something that i was not aware of . &quot;
he then continued in mandarin , saying , &quot; because the venue is large , i cannot hear what is happening outside . &quot;
he observed that whether the march was hurting or helping depended on one &apos;s perspective .
it shows the concentration of the general public and different sectors on the subject of climate change , he said .
on the other hand , &quot; you can also say that they disrupt the negotiations , or the freedom of other people .
test data reveal stubborn racial gaps
last week &apos;s federal report card on math achievement was a welcome piece of good news for d.c. public schools .
although the district still lags far behind the country &apos;s top-performing systems , the report card showed fourth- and eighth-graders making strides at a faster pace over the past two years than cities including atlanta , chicago and new york .
but what remains embedded in the latest numbers from the national assessment of educational progress is the persistent achievement gap between african american and white students both locally and nationally .
the average scores of white d.c. fourth-graders over the past two years grew from 262 to 270 ( on a scale of 500 ) , but their african american peers &apos; rose just three points , from 209 to 212 .
the achievement gap actually grew between 2007 and 2009 , from 53 to 58 points .
african american progress in the eighth grade remained essentially flat , dipping a statistically insignificant one point , from 245 to 244 .
average white scores were not included in the test results because the sample size wasn &apos;t large enough .
the picture across a six-year stretch isn &apos;t more encouraging .
the gap separating white and black fourth-graders in 2003 , when the first naep in the district was given , was 60 scale points ( 262 to 202 ) .
although the scores achieved by children in both groups have increased during this period , the difference has barely narrowed to 58 .
some education advocates in the district expressed concern last week that the gains celebrated by chancellor michelle a. rhee and mayor adrian m. fenty ( d ) were propelled largely by white students who are already high achievers .
it would suggest that we &apos;ve raised the aggregate by treating those at the higher end of the scale , which is problematic and troublesome , said jeff smith , executive director of d.c. voice , a nonprofit group that advocates for educational equality in the district .
i &apos;m not jumping up and down about a two- or three-point spread , said d.c. council member kwame r. brown ( d-at large ) , who has a daughter in the fourth grade at eaton elementary .
a frequent critic of rhee &apos;s management style , brown said the message of the test scores is that the city &apos;s middle schools are in desperate need of attention .
clearly , you always want to see the plus signs , and i respect that .
but what &apos;s scary is we &apos;re not spending nearly the time and energy we need to spend on our middle schools .
rhee said the district needs to continue to find better ways to address the needs of low-achieving students .
this fall , for example , some teachers are being trained to use a new reading curriculum , the wilson reading system , targeted to students in the upper elementary and middle school grades who didn &apos;t master the basics of reading early in their school careers and are significantly behind their peers .
everyday mathematics , a k-through-sixth-grade math curriculum emphasizing games and real-life experiences that was brought to the district under former superintendent clifford janey , is credited with some of the naep progress reported last week .
i just think we have to keep working at bringing the best interventions to those students who are below grade level , rhee said .
others say that the naep &apos;s results highlight the question of whether rhee can continue to lift the overall performance of the system and still provide the additional money and resources for low-performing schools that will be necessary to narrow the gap .
there is a sort of rough-edged dilemma here for michelle rhee , said bruce fuller , an education professor at the university of california at berkeley who studies urban test scores .
the conventional policy remedy is to target your resources and management reforms on schools located in the poorest sections of d.c.
so the targeting may yield political repercussions that go against that important agenda .
but the rub , of course , is like other urban superintendents , she &apos;s trying to hold on to the white and black middle class .
our focus is on ensuring that we build a system of great schools .
we need to strengthen our neighborhood schools so that all families , regardless of where they live , are confident that their children can get an excellent public education .
janey , now superintendent of schools in newark , said in an interview this week that one essential element to closing the achievement gap is to lengthen the traditional public school year , currently 180 days in the district , to compete with charter schools .
you have to get up near 200 days to have the force of change , said janey , who came to agreement with his teachers &apos; union last year on a 185-day year , which he regards as &quot; a marker &quot; for seeking a bigger increase in the next contract .
making higher education a part of more futures
the tour bus pulled into gettysburg college with a loud wheeze .
graciela rodriguez , 12 , stepped off and blinked for a moment at the white columns , brick facades and emerald lawns .
graciela &apos;s parents had barely graduated from high school in el salvador .
until recently , graciela herself , who was born in silver spring and lives in riverdale , had never set foot on a college campus .
yet as she and the other eighth-graders in the group explored gettysburg , where the tuition runs $ 38,690 a year , their attitude was less that of awestruck visitors than of enthusiastic prospective students .
yes ! this is where i &apos;ll be ! exclaimed graciela , who would like to study medicine , when the guide announced that they &apos;d entered the science building .
wow , really ? she said thoughtfully , when told of the school &apos;s low professor-to-student ratio .
the pennsylvania college was the seventh the kids had visited on their three-day tour , and by now they had completely absorbed its intended message : the question is not whether you &apos;re going to college .
the question is where .
although there is mounting concern about the large number u.s.-born children of hispanic immigrants who drop out of high school or get pregnant as teenagers , there are also hundreds of thousands who are getting the college educations they need to enter the middle class .
in fact , one in five of these &quot; second-generation &quot; hispanics graduates from college -- a notable achievement given that so many of their immigrant parents , mostly mexicans and central americans , entered the united states without finishing high school .
their success stories are important , researchers say , because they point the way forward for a generation that will play an outsize role in the country &apos;s workforce .
those who study high achievers say they often have a natural affinity for school and an innate drive to succeed .
many also have parents who set lofty goals for their children and find ways to compensate for their unfamiliarity with american schools .
but mentoring programs also can play an enormous role in helping graciela and millions of children like her make it to college -- particularly if those efforts are sustained over time .
when you &apos;re looking at low-income kids whose parents don &apos;t have the experience and the skills to help them navigate through the system , any single intervention at any one point in time is not going to solve it , said patricia gándara , a researcher at the university of california , davis , who has studied latino students .
we need to think about providing a supportive network for these kids from preschool all the way on through high school .
the federal program that funded graciela &apos;s college tour is a useful example .
known as gear up , it provides more than $ 300 million a year to local school systems to run college prep programs that begin when low-income students are in middle school and continue until they finish high school .
since 1999 , the program has served more than 10 million students , with more than 60 percent going on to college , according to the u.s. department of education .
iraqi oil ministry reaches deals with 10 foreign oil companies
despite concerns about violence and political instability , the iraqi government managed to attract major oil companies to rebuild its ailing infrastructure during two auctions that concluded saturday .
the 10 deals the iraqi oil ministry reached with foreign oil companies suggest that china , russia and european oil firms are poised to play a major role in refurbishing iraq &apos;s oil industry , crippled by decades of war and sanctions .
american companies walked away with stakes in just two of the 10 auctioned fields .
seven american companies had paid to participate in the second auction , which began friday .
the only one that submitted a bid lost .
two american companies reached deals for fields auctioned in june .
the meager representation of american oil giants in iraq &apos;s opening oil industry surprised analysts .
iraq finally opened its doors after six years of war , and instead of u.s. companies , you have asians and europeans leading the way , said ruba husari , the editor of iraq oil forum , an online news outlet .
it will be a long time before anything else will be on offer in iraq .
concerns over security , underscored by massive coordinated bombings tuesday , and political instability as the u.s. military withdraws , likely kept american oil companies from venturing more forcefully in iraq , which has the world &apos;s third-largest proven crude reserves , analysts said .
u.s. firms were in some cases at a disadvantage because rivals , particularly the chinese and other government controlled energy firms , have markedly lower labor costs and are more prone to take risks because they don &apos;t respond to shareholders .
exxon-mobil and occidental petroleum inc. were the only american companies that reached deals with the ministry .
major u.s. firms such as chevron and conocophillips , which have cultivated close ties with the iraqi oil ministry and have provided technical advice in recent years , walked away empty-handed .
russian companies lukoil and gazprom were the top stakeholders in two of the contracts awarded this weekend .
state-owned chinese national petroleum corp. bid on more contracts than any other company and walked away with large stakes in contracts for two major fields .
we all know that china is on track to become a major economic as well as technological power , oil ministry spokesman assam jihad said .
we feel confident that the chinese company will be on par with its competitors and will deliver on its commitments towards iraq .
companies pre-selected to submit bids made offers that were then compared to the per barrel fee the ministry was willing to pay for boosting output above current levels at each field .
top al-qaeda planner apparently killed in pakistan
an apparent u.s. missile strike along pakistan &apos;s border with afghanistan is believed to have killed a top al-qaeda operations planner this week , u.s. counterterrorism officials said friday .
if confirmed , this would be the second deadly attack against a senior terrorist leader this fall .
saleh al-somali was one of two arab men thought to have been killed when a pair of missiles tore into their car tuesday near the town of miran shah in north waziristan province , according to u.s. sources and pakistani officials in the region .
local authorities said the missiles were fired by an unmanned aircraft of the type operated by the cia inside pakistan &apos;s lawless tribal belt .
they were driving in a white car , heading toward the afghan border , when the car was hit , said an official with pakistan &apos;s civilian intelligence agency , speaking by phone from miran shah .
the official said suspected local militants rushed to the spot and quickly confiscated what remained of the &quot; totally demolished bodies . &quot;
local authorities were unable to verify the victims &apos; identities , but two u.s. counterterrorism officials cited unspecified evidence that somali was among the dead .
somali was described as a senior al-qaeda military planner who ran the terrorist group &apos;s operations outside the afghanistan-pakistan region .
he was engaged in plotting throughout the world , said one senior official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity , citing the sensitive nature of u.s. airstrikes inside pakistani territory .
given his central role , this probably included plotting attacks against the united states and europe .
he took strategic guidance from al-qaeda &apos;s top leadership and translated it into operational blueprints for prospective terrorist attacks .
the second u.s. official said somali had risen quickly through al-qaeda &apos;s ranks and was well-connected with other extremist groups in the region .
he may not be a household name to some americans , but that in no way diminishes the threat he posed to us and our allies , the second official said .
if his death is confirmed , somali would be the second senior al-qaeda or taliban leader killed since september , when a similar strike killed najmuddin jalolov , the leader of a militant faction in the tribal belt , and three other top operatives .
the tempo of strikes by cia-run drones has declined since the summer , from an average of about six operations per month to two , according to a tally by the long war journal , a web site managed by a nonprofit group .
the decline may be due to improved tactics by terrorist groups , which have taken steps to limit their vulnerability while also ruthlessly killing suspected informants , the site said .
top u.n. envoy in kabul to step down
the united nations &apos; top envoy in afghanistan , kai eide , said friday that he would step down from his post in march , ending a tumultuous tenure that was marred by allegations of widespread corruption in afghanistan &apos;s u.n.-backed presidential election .
eide &apos;s departure comes as the obama administration has decided to send an additional 30,000 u.s. troops to afghanistan .
the u.n. envoy said that he supports the surge but expressed concern that the u.s. timetable for a military drawdown beginning in 18 months would prompt other nato governments to withdraw their forces .
we need to accelerate the buildup of the afghan security forces and send the right signal to the afghans that they can trust the international community , eide said in a telephone interview from kabul .
the commitment has to be long-term .
the norwegian diplomat also pressed the united states and other military powers to increase the number of international civil servants aiding afghanistan &apos;s political transition .
the surge on the military side has to be copied on the civilian side , he said .
eide said he was not resigning but simply fulfilling a commitment he made to his family in march 2008 to spend only two years in kabul .
he said he wanted to serve notice to u.n.
secretary general ban ki-moon now so that he would have time to find a replacement .
what i &apos;ve said is that you better start looking for a successor , eide said .
when i came here , there was a two-month vacuum between a departure of my predecessor and my arrival .
ban has begun searching for a replacement , according to u.n. officials .
the officials say he has been considering staffan di mistura , a swedish-italian national who recently headed the u.n. mission in baghdad , and jean-marie guéhenno , a frenchman who previously led u.n. peacekeeping operations .
eide &apos;s standing in afghanistan was tested after his former deputy , peter w. galbraith , accused him in september of favoring president hamid karzai in the country &apos;s presidential vote and of covering up evidence of massive electoral fraud .
eide denied the allegations , but he said the accusations by galbraith -- who was fired -- &quot; certainly damaged the mission , because there was already a great degree of skepticism with regard to international interference &quot; in the election .
eide said he proposed the appointment of a senior civilian representative to coordinate relief efforts by the u.s.-led forces in afghanistan .
he also urged the u.n. leadership to allow his successor to hire more staff from the united states and other western countries that donate to the afghan mission , saying it would increase their confidence that their money is being properly spent .
eide expressed frustration with the limitations on his powers in afghanistan , saying that cumbersome u.n. hiring regulations undercut his ability to bring in talent .
the u.n. rules are such that i have only been able to recruit a single person since may , he said .
that is catastrophic and can &apos;t continue .
gates : iran to face additional sanctions
defense secretary robert m. gates said friday that world powers will soon impose &quot; significant additional sanctions &quot; on iran over its failure to engage in talks on its nuclear ambitions .
gates , speaking to a group of about 300 u.s. troops in northern iraq during a week-long tour of war zones in afghanistan and iraq , played down the prospect of military action against the islamic republic .
there are no good options in iran , he said , in response to a query from a soldier about the likelihood of such a development . ¨
one of the things that weighs on me is that if we have learned anything from iraq over the past six years , &#91; it &#93; is the inherent unpredictability of war .
the obama administration is considering a package of sanctions that would target iran &apos;s military and political elite , but gates signaled that some of the sanctions could also affect ordinary iranians .
he said that &quot; a package of incentives and disincentives &quot; would be needed &quot; to persuade the iranian government that they would actually be less secure with nuclear weapons &quot; because &quot; their people will suffer enormously &quot; from sanctions .
in a statement friday by white house spokesman robert gibbs , the administration joined european leaders in warning that iran will face &quot; credible &quot; consequences if it does not bring its nuclear program into full compliance with the u.n. security council and its nuclear watchdog , the international atomic energy agency .
iran insists that it wants to develop nuclear expertise only for peaceful purposes .
in talks in geneva on oct. 1 , it indicated that it would return to talks on restraining its nuclear program and agree to give up a substantial portion of its stockpile of enriched uranium in exchange for desperately needed fuel for a medical research reactor .
the administration has pushed for such an agreement as a way to build confidence between the two sides and to buy time for negotiations .
but since then , iran appears to have walked away from the tentative deals -- in part , experts say , because the iranian leadership is divided over whether to engage with the united states .
frankly , iran &apos;s stiffing the international community on some of the proposals that they actually agreed to at the beginning of october , i think , has brought the international community , including the russians and the chinese , together in a way that they have not been in terms of significant additional sanctions on the iranians , gates said .
president obama has set a dec. 31 deadline for iran to respond to the proposals before he turns to reviewing other options , including pursuing what secretary of state hillary rodham clinton once called &quot; crippling sanctions . &quot;
in a statement issued in new york , iran &apos;s mission to the united nations denounced what it called &quot; baseless and unfounded allegations &quot; thursday by some security council members about iran &apos;s nuclear activities and said it is willing to continue talks with the united states and five other world powers &quot; in order to achieve an appropriate , long-term solution . &quot;
gates , who was to return to washington late friday , met in the morning with iraqi prime minister nouri al-maliki before flying to iraq &apos;s oil-rich kurdish region for meetings with troops in kirkuk and kurdish officials in irbil .
tensions remain high between the kurds and iraq &apos;s arab majority , particularly over boundaries , property rights and revenue-sharing .
gates urged both sides to reduce the potential for conflict to prevent any delays in u.s. plans to cut the number of american troops from 115,000 to 50,000 by the end of august .
gates also sought to allay kurdish anxiety about the pending drawdown . u.s. officials quoted gates as telling massoud barzani , president of the kurdistan regional government : &quot; we will preserve your security , prosperity and autonomy within a unified iraq .
we will not abandon you . &quot;
in aging china , a change of course
wang weijia and her husband grew up surrounded by propaganda posters lecturing them that &quot; mother earth is too tired to sustain more children &quot; and &quot; one more baby means one more tomb . &quot;
they learned the lesson so well that when shanghai government officials , alarmed by their city &apos;s low birthrate and aging population , abruptly changed course this summer and began encouraging young couples to have more than one child , their reaction was instant and firm : no way .
we have already given all our time and energy for just one child .
we have none left for a second , said wang , 31 , a human resources administrator with an 8-month-old son .
more than 30 years after china &apos;s one-child policy was introduced , creating two generations of notoriously chubby , spoiled only children affectionately nicknamed &quot; little emperors , &quot; a population crisis is looming in the country .
the average birthrate has plummeted to 1.8 children per couple as compared with six when the policy went into effect , according to the u.n.
population division , while the number of residents 60 and older is predicted to explode from 16.7 percent of the population in 2020 to 31.1 percent by 2050 . that is far above the global average of about 20 percent .
the imbalance is worse in wealthy coastal cities with highly educated populations , such as shanghai .
last year , people 60 and older accounted for almost 22 percent of shanghai &apos;s registered residents , while the birthrate was less than one child per couple .
xie lingli , director of the shanghai municipal population and family planning commission , has said that fertile couples need to have babies to &quot; help reduce the proportion of the aging population and alleviate a workforce shortage in the future . &quot;
shanghai is about to be &quot; as old -- not as rich , though -- as developed countries such as japan and sweden , &quot; she said .
a gradual easing
written into the country &apos;s constitution in 1978 , china &apos;s one-child policy is arguably the most controversial mandate introduced by the ruling communist party to date .
couples who violate the policy face enormous fines -- up to three times their annual salary in some areas -- and discrimination at work .
chinese officials have credited the policy with helping the country avoid critical strain on its natural resources , while human rights advocates have denounced abuses in the enforcement of the policy .
in rural areas , some officials have forced women pregnant with a second child to undergo abortions .
in addition , many couples have had sex-selective abortions , leading to an unnaturally high male-to-female ratio .
in recent years , population officials have gradually softened their stance on the one-child policy .
in 2004 , they allowed for more exceptions to the rule -- including urban residents , members of ethnic minorities and cases in which both husband and wife are only children -- and in 2007 , they toned down many of their hard-line slogans .
qiao xiaochun , a professor at the institute of population research at peking university , said central government officials have recently been debating even more radical changes , such as allowing couples to have two children if one partner is an only child .
in july , shanghai became the first chinese city to launch an aggressive campaign to encourage more births .
almost overnight , posters directing families to have only one child were replaced by copies of regulations detailing who would be eligible to have a second child and how to apply for a permit .
the city government dispatched family planning officials and volunteers to meet with couples in their homes and slip leaflets under doors .
it has also pledged to provide emotional and financial counseling to those electing to have more than one child .
the response has been underwhelming , family planning officials say .
disappointing response
although officials in one rural town on the outskirts of shanghai say they saw an uptick in applications from couples wanting a second child after the campaign was launched , the more urban districts report no change .
huinan township , with a population of 115,000 , for instance , is still receiving just four to five applications a month .
disappointed shanghai officials say that , despite the campaign , the number of births in the city in 2010 is still expected to be only about 165,000 -- slightly higher than in 2009 but lower than in 2008 .
feng juying , head of the family planning committee in shanghai &apos;s caolu township , said financial considerations are probably the main reason many people don &apos;t want more children .
they want to give the best to their first , she said .
yang jiawei , 27 , and his wife , liu juanjuan , 26 , said they would love to have two children and are legally allowed to do so .
but like many chinese , they have only the scant medical and life insurance provided by the government .
without a social safety net , they say , the choice would be irresponsible .
people in the west wrongly see the one-child policy as a rights issue , said yang , a construction engineer whose wife is seven months pregnant with the couple &apos;s first child .
yes , we are being robbed of the chance to have more than one child .
but the problem is not just some policy .
it is money .
other couples cite psychological reasons for hesitating .
wang , the human resources administrator , said she wants an only child because she was one herself : &quot; we were at the center of our families and used to everyone taking care of us .
we are not used to taking care of and don &apos;t really want to take care of others . &quot;
chen zijian , a 42-year-old who owns a translation company , put it more bluntly .
for the dual-career , middle-class parents who are bringing the birthrate down , he said , it &apos;s about being successful enough to be selfish .
today &apos;s 20- and 30-somethings grew up seeing their parents struggle during the early days of china &apos;s experiment with capitalism and don &apos;t want that kind of life for themselves , he said .
even one child makes huge demands on parents &apos; time , he said .
a mother has to give up at least two years of her social life .
then there are the space issues -- &quot; you have to remodel your apartment &quot; -- and the strategizing -- &quot; you have to have a résumé ready by the time the child is 9 months old for the best preschools . &quot;
most of his friends are willing to deal with this once , chen said , but not twice .
ours is the first generation with higher living standards , he said .
we do not want to make too many sacrifices .
u.n. group drafts plan to reduce emissions
the u.n.-sponsored climate conference -- characterized so far by unruly posturing and mutual recriminations -- gained renewed focus friday with the release of a document outlining ambitious greenhouse-gas reductions over the next 40 years , with industrialized nations shouldering most of the burden in the near term .
the text , which could provide the basis for a final political deal to regulate greenhouse gases , highlighted the remaining obstacles as much as it illuminated a path forward .
but it was seen as an important advance in a negotiation that is running out of time , with more than 100 world leaders arriving in copenhagen next week .
forged by a u.n. ad-hoc working group , the text is silent on how much money rich countries would give poor ones to cope with global warming over the short and long term .
and it provides a range of options for the key questions , including how developed and major emerging economies would cut their carbon output , and what would be the upper limit of global temperature rise that policymakers would be willing to tolerate .
it gives a lot of flexibility to the process , said john coequyt , senior washington representative for the sierra club .
michael zammit cutajar , who drafted the six-page document , boiled down a 180-page negotiation text to focus on what the u.n. &apos; s top climate official , yvo de boer , described as &quot; the big picture . &quot;
it shows the outlines for a possible deal , in which industrial nations would collectively cut their emissions by 2020 by 25 to 45 percent compared with 1990 levels , while major developing countries would reduce theirs during the same period by 15 to 30 percent .
together , the countries would cut emissions between 50 and 95 percent by 2050 .
the european union gave the talks a boost as well on friday by pledging to provide $ 3.6 billion a year over the next three years to help poorer countries adapt to the impact of climate change -- from coping with flood and drought to avoiding deforestation .
still , friday featured the same sort of verbal fireworks that have dominated the talks for the past week .
u.s. special climate envoy todd stern rejected language requiring binding cuts of greenhouse-gas emissions for industrialized countries compared with voluntary ones by major emerging economies if they were not funded by the developed world .
the move signaled that the obama administration is taking a harder line with china than bush administration officials did just two years ago .
the united states is not going to do a deal without the major developing countries stepping up and taking action , said stern , who also complained that the text did not do enough to make sure the cuts could be verified by outside observers .
stern made his comments an hour after chinese vice foreign minister he yafei said america &apos;s top climate negotiator was either lacking &quot; common sense &quot; or being &quot; extremely irresponsible &quot; for saying earlier in the week that the united states would not help china financially to cope with global warming .
with the future economic trajectory of the world &apos;s major powers at stake , fault lines have erupted both within the developing world and between the industrial world and emerging economies .
the current battle is as much about saving individual economies as saving the planet , with china and the united states feuding over their respective obligations while poorer nations insist that the world &apos;s two dozen most influential countries are ignoring the scientific imperative to take bolder action .
ricardo ulate , a costa rican delegate , said it &apos;s not surprising that the major powers are fighting over who should bear the costs for curbing greenhouse gases , even as vulnerable countries have become more aggressive in seeking to hold the big emitters accountable for their actions .
this is clearly a game where a new economic hegemony is being developed , said ulate , who also serves as the regional mexico and central america climate change adviser for conservation international .
some of the countries most vulnerable to the impact of climate change indicated they would continue to push for a legally binding treaty in copenhagen , although most of the major participants say the talks will produce a political deal at best .
the alliance of small island states , which has 43 members , produced a 24-page draft treaty proposal early friday morning .
artur runge-metzger , who heads international climate negotiations on behalf of the european commission , said the push by small island nations has &quot; put political pressure on the entire political process , &quot; in part because they are now unified and demanding action from emerging economies such as china and india .
the talks took on new urgency as delegates focused on the fact that they must resolve most of the outstanding issues before the heads of government arrive to strike a deal .
high-level officials such as indian environment minister jairam ramesh and the chinese vice minister stepped off planes and raced through the bella center &apos;s halls to closed-door meetings and news conferences so they could stake out claims that will be arbitrated over the next week .
the sheer sprawl of the gathering -- where 13,000 people move in and out of the convention center each day , guitar-playing activists put on nightly shows mocking the countries they think are selling out , and draft proposals are passed hand-to-hand on paper rather than via e-mail -- poses a challenge .
the intensity is only building : nearly all of the key ministers are now here , and as early as wednesday 60 heads of government will be in copenhagen .
we &apos;re getting into the big leagues , said carlos manuel rodriguez , vice president for global policy at conservation international .
the heavyweights are coming .
britain ’ s first 140mph train to redefine that monday feeling
at 5.13 on monday morning a whistle will pierce the darkness to signal a train departure that marks a revolution for travel in britain .
the first high-speed commuter train in the country will reach 140mph as it streaks from ashford , kent , to london st pancras , covering the 58 miles in 38 minutes .
lord adonis , the transport secretary , will then be joined by dame kelly holmes aboard the first javelin commuter service out of london .
he hopes that the new service will eventually plug britain into an international network of fast , reliable trains and connect the great conurbations of the midlands , the north and scotland to london .
neglected backwaters would become thriving commuter towns , business travel times would be slashed and the shift from aircraft and cars to the railway would reduce national carbon emissions as well as easing congestion on the roads .
in theory , the three main political parties buy into this vision .
but the tens of billions of pounds needed to build a new national rail network , the inevitable planning battle and fears of environmental harm may yet put the brakes on britain ’ s high-speed lines .
high speed two ( hs2 ) , a company created in january to provide the government with a feasibility study , will hand its report to lord adonis on december 30 , the times has learnt .
it will provide him with a detailed route map of the next planned stage of the high-speed network .
the new line linking london to the west midlands will be drawn to within five metres in urban areas and sites where the environmental impact may be contentious .
in open country , the plan will be drafted to within 25 metres of a final route .
hs2 is also expected to set out three options for a wider high-speed network running north .
lord adonis will respond in the spring .
the favoured option being put forward is a y-shaped configuration in which a single high-speed line would run up to the west midlands .
the line would split at or near birmingham , with one branch running west of the pennines to manchester and scotland and another running northeast to sheffield , leeds and newcastle upon tyne .
a single line would run into scotland .
&quot; it looks like it is going to be the best-performing option , &quot; a railway insider said .
once complete , journey times between london and edinburgh would be cut to 2 hours 40 minutes .
the first leg , which would not open before 2025 , would allow passengers to travel between london and birmingham in 49 minutes , compared with just over an hour at present .
the proposals would allow trains to travel at 250mph , making the british network the fastest in europe .
the initial track is being designed to take trains 400m in length capable of carrying 1,100 people .
as many as 18 could operate each hour on a london-birmingham line .
that means that a london terminal capable of handling 20,000 passengers an hour would be needed .
given space constraints in the capital , it is expected that an existing station would be expanded to accommodate the high-speed network .
rail industry experts say that only st pancras international or euston offer that potential .
lord adonis will announce whether or not he thinks the scheme should proceed , but lengthy public consultation and planning procedures mean that a final decision would not be made until after a general election .
even if he does put the wheels in motion , the network would have to be built in sections .
trains would at first be forced to run off high-speed lines on to the existing rails north of birmingham , keeping journey times between london and scotland above three hours .
that is seen as the crucial tipping point needed to ensure a switch from planes to trains , a benchmark for the rail revolution .
taxpayers meet mortgage on tory &apos;s £ 75,000 orangery
alan duncan , the frontbench tory mp , charged the taxpayer thousands of pounds a year towards the cost of an orangery he built at his constituency home .
the party ’ s prisons spokesman , who was demoted by david cameron for complaining that mps were living &quot; on rations &quot; , increased his mortgage by £ 75,000 to build an oak-framed extension to his second home in rutland .
he was allowed to charge the extra interest , totalling hundreds of pounds a month , to the taxpayer .
the commons authorities approved the claims at the time and they have not been queried by sir thomas legg , who is conducting a review of members ’ expenses . last night mr duncan said the claims &quot; couldn ’ t be cleaner or simpler &quot; .
mr duncan , one of the richest members of parliament , owns a two-storey house in a village in his rutland and melton constituency .
houses near by have sold for almost a million pounds .
the ground floor comprises a kitchen , living room and dining room , but the fees office agreed that mr duncan needed more space .
last year he added a conservatory to the house , described in plans as an &quot; orangery &quot; .
neighbours described it as a &quot; glasshouse for entertaining &quot; .
mr duncan was not required to make any reference to the increased borrowing during a recent investigation by the commons ’ standards and privileges committee into his previous mortgage arangements .
the committee cleared him last month of breaching the rules after an investigation into his expenses .
in 2004 mr duncan changed the legal security for a £ 271,406 mortgage from his london property to his constituency home , which he had bought in 1991 , the year before he became an mp .
documents released this week show that mr duncan was claiming about £ 1,400 a month in mortgage interest until march last year .
in april , his claims increased to more than £ 1,800 a month .
the interest rate on mr duncan ’ s rbs mortgage did not change in that time , suggesting that all the increase was to fund the £ 75,000 borrowing .
the rbs standard variable mortgage rate went down from 7.94 per cent in december 2007 to 4 per cent in march this year , where it remains .
the latest document release by the commons authorities show that mr duncan was continuing to claim £ 1,250 a month this may .
mr duncan lost his job as shadow leader of the house in september after an undercover reporter filmed him saying that mps had to survive &quot; on rations &quot; after the expenses scandal .
&quot; basically , it ’ s being nationalised , you have to live on rations and are treated like s * * t . &quot;
he said : &quot; i spend my money on my garden and claim a tiny fraction based on what is proper .
and i could claim the whole bloody lot , but i don ’ t . &quot;
the mp , a millionaire from his former career as an oil trader , was first challenged over his expenses in may when it emerged that he had claimed thousands of pounds for his garden , before agreeing with the fees office that this &quot; could be considered excessive &quot; .
an activist dug a hole in the shape of a pound sign in mr duncan ’ s lawn in protest after it was revealed that he claimed £ 4,000 over three years .
asked about the increased mortgage last night , mr duncan said : &quot; it was for capital improvements approved both by the fees office and subsequently by legg . &quot;
he added : &quot; there is no issue of ducking and weaving or pushing the rules or anything .
it is absolutely straight down the line , within the rules , authorised and everything .
it just couldn ’ t in many ways be cleaner or simpler . &quot;
come all ye faithful to see brighton ’ s beach hut advent calendar
beach huts in brighton have found a new lease of life for the winter months as an interactive advent calendar .
beyond , an alternative church group that encourages spiritual exploration through creativity , invited 24 owners to decorate their huts for each day in december , using christmas carols as their theme .
the event started on december 1 , with visitors allowed to view the latest hut from 5.30pm to 6.30pm each day , with mince pies and mulled wine laid on for free .
carols chosen so far include i saw three ships , o come , o come , emmanuel and the first noël , where the hut features the work of janette tozer , a local artist .
martin poole , 50 , a tv marketing assistant from hove , is a non-stipendiary clergyman within the chichester diocese and the leader of beyond .
he said : &quot; we want to make religion more relevant to people in a post-christendom society .
&quot; why do we as a church expect people to come to a strange old building ? it ’ s my feeling the church should come to the people and celebrate in exciting ways .
&quot; the idea of the beach hut advent calendar began just as a conversation with some friends over dinner .
brighton is such a fantastically creative and vibrant place and we are trying to try and represent that through spirituality . &quot;
large climate change gatherings in copenhagen and around the world
tens of thousands of people demonstrated on saturday to support an ambitious and restrictive agreement in the fight against global warming around the world and in copenhagen , where police made several hundred arrests .
at least thirty thousand people , according to police , and a hundred thousand , according to the organisers , marched in the cold in the danish capital outside the united nations climate conference , which is tasked with reaching an agreement by friday that will enter into effect on the 1st of january , 2013 .
for connie hedegaard , the danish climate conference president , the increasing number of climate rallies around the world , illustrated by these protests , has contributed to making the &apos; political cost &apos; of a failure in copenhagen very high .
the incidents in the danish capital occurred shortly after the departure of the main procession , when a group of 300 protesters , clothed entirely in black , broke shop windows with paving and hammers , observed a reporter from the afp .
riot police provided an immediate and unhesitant response .
police announced a total of 600 to 700 hundred arrests , with most , they report , being members of the &apos; black blocks &apos; ; small ultra-violent groups that had notably made an appearance at the nato summit in strasbourg , in the east of france , in april .
the climate justice action ( cja ) coalition , one of the protest organisers , reported conditions whereby hundreds of protesters were arrested &quot; without discrimination , &quot; highlighting that a hundred of them &quot; were still detained in the street on saturday night &quot; handcuffed and held in a sitting position despite the extreme cold &quot; .
having left the parliament , the procession headed in an orderly fashion towards the bella center , where negotiations were to take place .
the protesters stopped about 500 metres short of the building without trying to enter .
a stage had been raised to receive the expected speakers before a candlelit vigil , in which the former south african archbishop from cape town , desmond tutu would be taking part .
the majority of protesters had arrived by coach and train from the major european cities , but many asian protesters , including some chinese and korean , were also present , as well as those from africa .
around 3000 people , mainly clad in sky blue raincoats , had formed an initial rally in copenhagen during the morning , called by friends of the earth , who were planning &quot; blue waves &quot; for &quot; climate justice &quot; .
we are marching on the streets today to demand reparations of the ecological debt for the south , explained lidy nacpil , a filipino activist in the jubilee south coalition in copenhagen .
we cannot continue to tell ourselves that there is time left , assesses the singer from benin , angelique kidjo .
there are rivers drying out in africa ; water courses , where it is possible to walk and never was before .
for the first time in the history of climate diplomacy , born in 1992 with the adoption of the un convention , the anti-globalisation movement has brought itself closer to environmental organisations .
the french eurodeputy , josé bové , a face of anti-globalisation , explained that he has come to copenhagen to &quot; connect climate justice with social justice &quot; : &quot; today there is no gap between the fight against global warming and the anti-globalisation fight . &quot;
the asia-pacific region , which is home to numerous islands , which are particularly vulnerable to the effects of warming , had kicked off the protests .
according to organisers , some 50 000 people took to the streets in australia .
in manila , several hundred people , mostly students , paraded in red , brandishing banners about the benefits of solar energy .
in hong kong , djakarta , and in canada , rallies of several hundred demonstrators were also formed to demand more forceful action against climate change .
in france , the protests organised by the &quot; 350 &quot; network brought together several hundred people , notably in paris , marseilles ( in the south ) , lille ( in the north ) , bordeaux ( in the west ) , and lyon ( in the east ) .
in geneva , dozens of people gathered .
separatist abkhazia has elected its president ; georgia calls it a &quot; farce &quot;
abkhazia elected its president on saturday , a little over a year after moscow &apos;s recognition of the pro-russian region of georgia , while tbilisi calls it a &quot; farce &quot; .
some 131 000 people were called on to take part in this first vote following the georgia-russia war in august 2008 for the control of south ossetia , another secessionist georgian territory recognised by russia .
the polling stations closed at 17 : 00 gmt .
attendance was at 58 % a few hours before closure , according to abkhazian electoral commission officials .
the first provisional results were to be announced during the night between saturday and sunday .
the five candidates in the running , among whom the existing president , sergei bagapsh , all categorically reject the idea of a reunification with georgia , which has condemned the holding of the vote .
these elections are a farce .
for his part , the georgian president , mikheil saakashvili , &quot; regrets that abkhazia has fallen under total russian occupation , &quot; declared his spokeswoman , manana manjgaladze .
other than russia , only nicaragua and venezuela have recognised the independence of the territory &apos;s 216 000 inhabitants , while the rest of the world considers it a part of georgia illegally occupied by russian troops .
after separating itself from georgia in the 1992-1993 conflict , which saw the loss of several thousand lives , abkhazia is trying to show , by means of this election , that it is ready to join the international community .
this process is a stage in our new life , our new era as an independent state , declared svetlana kvarchia , a 54-year-old historian , who confirms having voted for mister bagapsh .
she was among the voters who came to the polling station in an attractive white school building with several palm trees at the front in the capital , soukhoumi .
the question of the russian domination is at the heart of the presidential debate , in this region gifted with a lush landscape on the black sea .
vast billboards showing mister bagapsh beside the russian president and prime minister , dmitry medvedev and vladimir putin , are dotted around this small territory of 216 000 inhabitants .
in gali , in the west of the country , the chief of district , beslan archba , reserved a very warm welcome for the russian officials who came to oversee the voting .
we , the abkhazian people , are thankful , he said during a small ceremony , alluding to the support from moscow , and particularly to the decision to recognise the independence of abkhazia .
i hope that your country will soon be recognised by the united nations , replied alexei ostrovsky , a member of the russian parliament , while raising his glass of vodka .
for their part , the opposition represented in the vote by the former vice-president raoul khadjimba and two businessmen , zaous ardzinba and beslan boutba , criticises the agreements made with moscow in the previous year , such as the one giving russia control of the abkhazian rail network for the next 10 years .
the fifth candidate , vitali bganba , asserts not being in support of the current government or the opposition .
50 % plus one vote is the majority required to win the vote .
if no candidate attains this threshold , a second vote must be organised within two weeks .
climate : demonstrations around the world , incidents in copenhagen .
tens of thousands of people the world over marched on saturday to demand an ambitious and restrictive agreement at the climate conference in copenhagen , where police were on alert and arrested almost 700 people on the fringes of an imposing rally .
thirty thousand people , according to police , a hundred thousand , according to organisers , paraded in the cold afternoon in the danish capital , which is receiving delegates from 193 countries until the 18th of december , who will be seeking to conclude an agreement to come into effect by the 1st of january , 2013 .
having left the parliament , the procession headed in a generally orderly fashion for the bella center , where negotiations were to take place .
the demonstrators stopped about 500 metres short of the building without trying to enter .
a stage had been erected to accommodate the speakers , before a candlelit vigil , with the participation of former south african cape town archbishop , desmond tutu .
a few moments after the departure of the procession , a group of several hundred demonstrators , clad entirely in black and holding bricks and hammers , broke shop windows , remarked an afp reporter .
riot police immediately surrounded them and intervened in no uncertain terms , throwing several of them to the ground .
police announced the arrests of 600 to 700 hundred people , adding that they were mainly members of the &apos; black blocks &apos; ; small ultra-violent groups that had notably made an appearance at the nato summit in strasbourg , in the east of france , in april .
towards the end of the afternoon a policeman was injured on the jaw by a piece of paving and four cars were set alight near a squat during a series of incidents , which led to the arrests of some twenty people , according to police .
we have our eye on the small extremist groups , police spokesman henrik jakobsen warned , as the force &apos;s helicopters circled in the sky above .
the majority of demonstrators were of european origin , arriving in coaches and trains from the main german cities , from london , from amsterdam , and also from milan .
large numbers of asians , including a few chinese and koreans , were also present , as were some africans .
around 3000 people , mainly clad in sky blue raincoats , had formed an initial rally in copenhagen during the morning called by friends of the earth , who were planning &quot; blue waves &quot; for &quot; climate justice &quot; .
we are taking to the streets today to demand the ecological debt be repaid to the south , explained lily nacpil , a filipino activist from the jubilee coalition group in copenhagen .
we cannot continue to tell ourselves that there is time left , assesses the singer from benin , angelique kidjo .
there are rivers drying out in africa ; water courses , where it is possible to walk and never was before .
for the first time in the history of climate diplomacy , born in 1992 with the adoption of the un convention , the anti-globalisation movement has brought itself closer to environmental organisations .
the french eurodeputy , josé bové , a face of anti-globalisation , explained that he has come to copenhagen to &quot; connect climate justice with social justice &quot; : &quot; today there is no gap between the fight against global warming and the anti-globalisation fight . &quot;
oxfam enlisted the help of several well-known personalities , including danish model helena christensen , and the former un commissioner for refugees , mary robinson , who were to address the crowd .
the asia-pacific region , which is home to numerous islands , which are particularly vulnerable to the effects of warming , had kicked off the protests .
according to organisers , some 50 000 people took to the streets in australia .
in manila , several hundred people , mostly students , paraded in red in front of the capital &apos;s city hall , brandishing banners about the benefits of solar energy .
in hong kong and djakarta , rallies of several hundred demonstrators were also formed to demand action against climate change .
in france , the protests organised by the &quot; 350 &quot; network brought together several hundred people , notably in paris , marseilles ( in the south ) , lille ( in the north ) , bordeaux ( in the west ) , and lyon ( in the east ) .
in geneva , dozens of people gathered .
history-geography are strengthened by the secondary schools reform , according to chatel
french education minister , luc chatel , declared in an interview to be published in the french paper on sunday ( jdd ) that history and geography were &quot; reinforced &quot; by the secondary schools reform , despite them no longer being obligatory subjects for the french technical sixth form .
from now on , first year pupils will have four hours per week , and the same programme for a common shared culture , states mr. chatel .
according to the minister , &quot; we need to get out of this hypocrisy &quot; because , he says , &quot; the &apos; s &apos; course of study is no longer the science course &quot; , but &quot; more generally , it is a magnet for the stronger pupils &quot; .
the &apos; es &apos; and &apos; l &apos; courses cannot remain inferior choices behind the &apos; s &apos; course , he continues , highlighting that &quot; i have not heard many historians or academics expressing indignance at the absence of history-geography in the technical sixth forms either . &quot;
on saturday , an ifop ( french public opinion institute ) poll appearing in l &apos;humanité revealed that nearly seven out of ten ( 69 % ) french people disapproved of the government project to terminate compulsory teaching of history-geography in technical sixth forms . many academics and teachers also criticised this suppression , as have the left and some right-wing representatives .
on the other hand , the minister added that there was &quot; no question &quot; of eliminating the &apos; s &apos; course philosophy .
luc chatel also defended the teachers &apos; education reforms , just as 16 organisations ( students and associations ) called for a day of protest on tuesday to demonstrate against the project , which , in their opinion , sacrifices the educational training of future teachers .
for 2nd year master &apos;s ( m2 ) , an entry exam focusing on the candidate &apos;s discipline will be required at the start of the year , and an acceptance exam testing their capacity to teach will be held at the end of the year , the minister explained .
furthermore , they will cover in-class placements throughout the m2 year , and will then be in front of pupils for a year as student teachers .
if you add up all the placement work proposed before the exam you already end up with more presence in front of students , which equates to over 300 hours , he continued .
finally , the minister indicates that he will be putting forward &quot; the individual &apos;s right to education ; something that does not exist in national education &quot; .
he also reaffirms the plan to abolish the school map &quot; by 2012 &quot; .
at normale supérieure ( one of france &apos;s top schools ) , experts have 15 minutes to change opinions on climate
fifteen minutes to talk about what is at stake at the copenhagen summit : that was the challenge taken up on saturday morning by jean jouzel , vice-president of the intergovernmental group of climate evolution experts ( giec ) invited by the ecole normale supérieure in rue d &apos;ulm ( paris ) .
jean jouzel , nobel peace prize winner , inaugurated the first of the conferences entitled &quot; ernest &quot; , a day composed of a series of 15-minute lectures from experts , filmed and open to the public , noted an afp reporter .
we wanted to do something to catch people &apos;s attention and make them want to find out more , explained one of the day &apos;s organisers , 22-year-old edouard hannezo , outside the conference ; this having been named after the name given to the fish in the school &apos;s pond .
we choose around twenty lecturers among the experts in their field and the more charismatic ones are selected , he added .
on the subject of global warming , &quot; we could go on for hours , but we can also cover the key objectives in a few minutes &quot; , jean jouzel told the afp , who made his presentation without notes , but with graphical aids , to an audience of around fifty .
this is part of our scientist &apos;s role , he emphasised , hoping that listeners will remember that &quot; the copenhagen conference is based on an extremely solid scientific case &quot; .
the video footage from the conferences will be available online on the school &apos;s website starting the 15th of december .
the next &quot; ernest &quot; day is planned for february , followed by others on a bimonthly basis .
late payments : anger from prison guards , action planned
prison guard unions called for a &quot; general rally &quot; on friday to demand payment of their bonuses and overtime before the end of the year holidays , having seen it pushed into january for budgetary reasons .
fo-pénitentiaire ( 2nd prison guard union ) has requested that staff , who are not on duty , demonstrate tuesday morning in front of prison buildings and to &quot; block &quot; them , in order to &quot; expose the theft of their earnings &quot; .
the cgt-pénitentiaire ( 3rd union in the profession ) calls for them to &quot; unite in general , rallying at the various prisons , to show a strong turn-out &quot; , condemn the non-payment of &quot; overtime , night-shift bonuses , sunday and holiday pay &quot; in december for their work in october as &quot; shameful and unacceptable &quot; .
and the first prison guard union , union fédérale autonome pénitentiaire ( ufap / unsa ) , &quot; calls for general rallying ( … ) to re-awaken the discontent and anger &quot; .
the penitentiary administration &apos;s management and the justice ministry explain that overtime has increased considerably in 2009 and was not fully covered in the budget , but assures that the outstanding balances will be settled in january .
the chancery stated near the end of the day that michèle alliot-marie had sent a communication to the prison guard unions guaranteeing the payment would be made next month .
i am not ignoring the efforts made by the staff for the functioning and modernisation of our prison system , writes the minister of justice in this communication .
i have asked the penitentiary administration management to put in place , without delay , a set of measures to ensure that this situation , caused by a poor evaluation of the number of additional work hours , does not repeat itself in the future , adds mrs. alliot-marie .
the december pay packet will therefore be slim , except for management staff , who benefit from the so-called target and position-related bonuses , critics the ufap / unsa , saying &quot; budgetary constraints are a convenient excuse &quot; .
it is an absolute scandal , complains the inter-regional union from marseilles , announcing its decision to boycott &quot; all meetings and convocations &quot; until further notice .
staff will not be putting in sunday or holiday hours if the october ones are not settled in december , and the same goes for overtime , threatens the rhône-alpes-auvergne trade union .
at a time when our goals and responsibilities are being expanded , but our staff numbers are not , it is more than regrettable to dare to attack the staff &apos;s salaries , judges the cgt-pénitentiaire de bordeaux .
according to the unions , the situation is not the same in all regions , with some being worse off than others .
but in any case , the balance is not there , observes jean-françois forget , general secretary of ufap .
for christmas , obama says he gives &quot; nicer stuff &quot; than he receives
the american president , barack obama , who is preparing for his first family christmas at the white house , intimates to tv icon oprah winfrey that he has one simple rule when it comes to presents : &quot; i give nicer stuff than i get &quot; .
in a special programme to be broadcast on the abc channel on sunday evening , the president and his wife , michelle , offer an insight into the way they plan to celebrate the end of year festivities in their prestigious new home .
even bo , the family &apos;s little four-legged friend , will be joining in .
santa claus loves bo too , maintains michelle obama , adding that the dog would &quot; naturally &quot; have a present , according to the programme &apos;s advertising trailer .
and michelle obama feigned indignance , countering her husband &apos;s claims about the quality of the gifts he receives : &quot; no way ; i gave you good gifts last year &quot; , she teased the president .
absolutely , he had to concede before jokingly retorting : &quot; who gave you this ? &quot; , pointing at the first lady &apos;s pearl necklace .
during this hour-long light-hearted programme with the famous presenter , who was a fervent barack obama supporter during the presidential campaign , the president and his wife also recalled their favourite childhood presents .
barack obama remembered a ten-speed bicycle , but also a basketball that his kenyan father , whom he had rarely seen , had given him for christmas .
i remember a time when i met my father , who had come to visit us for christmas , and he gave me a basketball , said the president .
it was only much later in my life that i realised that he had given me the ball .
the first lady , for her part , recalled her dollhouse .
i had no idea how to organise a house , so i had lined up all the furniture against the wall , rather than arranging them around the fireplace , but i adored that little dollhouse , said michelle obama .
johnny hallyday re-operated on , rtl claims he is in artificial coma
johnny hallyday was re-operated on in los angeles due to significant &quot; lesions &quot; after an operation in france , but the situation is &quot; under control &quot; according to his entourage , while rtl claims that the singer has been placed in an artificial coma to avoid pain and complications .
the 66-year-old rocker was re-operated on in the night between wednesday and thursday at the cedars-sinaï hospital in los angeles after american doctors noted &quot; lesions resulting from the operation &quot; for the slipped disc undergone in paris on november 26th , his press office announced in paris , adding that the lesions had &quot; warranted a repair operation &quot; .
the singer &apos;s press office , however , wanted to be reassuring , stating that the situation was &quot; under control &quot; , while announcing that a new medical bulletin would be communicated within 48 hours .
according to rtl , partner for the singer &apos;s first tour , however , johnny hallyday may have been put into an artificial coma to avoid &quot; pain and complications &quot; .
it will only be in 48 hours that we will have a little more certainty about the state of the patient , once he has at least one eye open , added rtl .
when questioned by the afp , the press office neither confirmed , nor commented on the information .
rtl also claims that &quot; according to certain sources &quot; , no drain was fitted after the first operation in paris .
the rocker had been operated on for a slipped disc at the international clinic at parc monceau .
the operation , scheduled several days in advance , had been carried out by the neuro-surgeon stéphane delajoux , a well-known doctor in artist circles .
he was not available to comment on rtl &apos;s information on thursday evening .
following the operation that he carried out on johnny hallyday , the singer was taken on monday to the cedars-sinaï hospital for an infection stemming from the operation .
the singer , eddy mitchell , a close friend of johnny hallyday , said on rtl on thursday that his friend was going through &quot; a bad patch &quot; , but assured everyone that he had &quot; no worries &quot; about the rocker , who is a &quot; fighter &quot; .
he had called me just before leaving for los angeles , and i told him that it was crazy , because taking a 12-hour flight after that kind of operation is not realistic , said eddy mitchell .
wednesday evening , the singer &apos;s producer , jean-claude camus , had wanted to be reassuring , stating that johnny hallyday &quot; was reacting satisfactorily to the antibiotics &quot; and that the infection was being &quot; contained &quot; .
mr. camus had also said to have spoken with laeticia , the singer &apos;s wife , and not to have noticed any signs of worry .
but health problems for the singer have only multiplied since he was hospitalised for nine days in july after a fall on his yacht .
two months later , to the surprise of all , johnny hallyday had revealed having had a &quot; minor colonic cancer &quot; operation , then a slight infection .
at the end of september , the singer resumed as planned his long &quot; tour 66 &quot; , billed as his final goodbye tour .
however , since then , every health problem is heavily commented on . fans and reporters have noticed the singer &apos;s trouble in moving around on stage .
in mid-november , his entourage even had to deny further hospitalisation .
euro-2009 / short course : bousquet &apos;s first in his lucky distance
the frenchman , frédérick bousquet , triple medal-holder in the long course 2009 world championship , pulled off an international title for a distance he particularly favours , the 50m freestyle , at the euro-2009 short course event in istanbul on thursday .
the first day of this competition , where full-length swimsuits are permitted for the last time , has seen only three world records beaten , whereas a wave of them was expected .
one record was improved on by the hungarian , evelyn verraszto , 200m medly , and the two others by russia in the 4x50m medly relay .
a regret for bousquet , who had his sight set on the 50m freestyle world record , for which he holds the long course title ( 20.94 ) .
in one of the two high-profile swimming events , the 50m freestyle , it was the 28-year-old frenchman who made his mark with a time of 20.53 in a final , where ten swimmers started instead of the usual eight - a first at the international level .
bousquet bested the croat , duje draganja ( 20.70 ) and the russian , sergey fesikov ( 20.84 ) , but he did not manage to reduce the world record time ( 20.30 ) as he had envisaged .
one can always dream of better , and i had actually stated that , if the world record was in my reach , i would certainly attempt it .
like bousquet , the vast majority of swimmers were in polyurethane swimsuits , which will not be permitted starting the 1st of january .
having unleashed 238 world records since february 2008 , these swimsuits will end their epic story in istanbul , which had also seen the first ones in 1999 , during the same competition .
the use of these swimsuits did not assist the german , rome &apos;s long course two-time world champion this summer , paul biedermann , on this occasion , where world records were at stake .
the young swimmer did not succeed in reducing the record he currently holds in the 400m freestyle ( 3 : 32.77 ) , but did , nevertheless , make an impression by achieving his second personal best time ( 3 : 34.55 ) , ahead of the russian , nikita lobintsev ( 3 : 35.75 ) and the dane , mads glaesner ( 3 : 36.82 ) .
i did not give it my all in this race .
i knew that i could not achieve a world record , but i managed to defend my title and have accomplished my mission .
lobintsev will be a strong rival in the future , explained biedermann .
usa : a sarcophagus panel belonging to zola fetches 1.5 million usd
a roman sarcophagus panel , which had notably belonged to the french writer , emile zola , fetched 1.5 million dollars on thursday , a significantly higher figure than was estimated , announced art auction house sotheby &apos;s .
this front panel , measuring two metres in length and 63cm in height , dating back to the 3rd century ad , was valued at 150,000 to 250,000 dollars .
the marble &quot; depicting four dionysian scenes in a sophisticated architectural decor , surrounded by satyrs and bacchantes , is a rare piece ; there are only five of them in the world &quot; , florent heintz , vice-president of art auctions for roman and egyptian antiquities , had explained to the afp on tuesday .
it was sold among around a hundred other lots .
the auction is still going on , but this lot is certainly the one , which has got buyers bidding most so far , commented sotheby &apos;s spokesman to the afp , dan abernethy .
the discovery of emile zola &apos;s acquisition of this marble piece dates back some time .
the panel remained in the famous collection of the borghese family in rome for nearly 300 years , then it successively appeared with the french actress , cécile sorel , who had made it a feature of her bathroom in her private paris mansion , then paul reynaud , a minister in france &apos;s 3rd republic and briefly the council &apos;s chairman before marshal pétain &apos;s accession to power .
that left a grey area of about fifty years .
by searching the louvre museum &apos;s database , florent heintz discovered that the panel was part of an &quot; emile zola inheritance &quot; opened in 1903 , a year after the death of the author of &quot; thérèse raquin &quot; and the series of &quot; rougon-macquart &quot; novels .
zelaya &apos;s departure attempt from honduras to mexico aborted
mexico judged on thursday that conditions were no longer suitable for the transfer into its territory of the deposed honduran president , manuel zelaya , who had been refused safe passage by the coup-installed government .
at the moment , after a telephone conversation in the night with president zelaya , everything seems to indicate that the potential options for carrying out this transfer are not suitable , declared the mexican secretary of foreign affairs , patricia espinosa .
having arrived on wednesday in el salvador to bring back mr. zelaya , the mexican government plane returned to its original location , according to a source from the general directorate of migrations .
the coup government had wanted to force mr. zelaya to &quot; resign &quot; and had requested a foreign asylum to allow him safe passage to .
but the president refused , because he wanted to travel to mexico as the incumbent head of state and an invited guest .
the coup government &quot; has again met with failure by wanting me to give up my duties ( ... ) ; they wanted me to resign &quot; , mr. zelaya told radio globo on thursday , through which he often makes himself heard , since the beginning of the political crisis , which has so far lasted five months in this country of central america .
i could stay here ten years , i have my guitar here , added the deposed president while playing a few chords , having taken refuge at the brazilian embassy in tegucigalpa for the last two and a half months .
the mexican embassy presented us with a request for safe passage , but , unfortunately , we could not accept it because it did not contain an asylum request , the coup government interior minister , oscar raul matute , had declared on wednesday on honduran hrn radio .
i am not requesting asylum from any country , manuel zelaya had answered in an interview on the telesur channel , based in caracas .
any departure from honduras would have to be as the president of the honduran people , he had emphasised .
the rumours of mr. zelaya &apos;s departure had , on wednesday , mobilised the partisans of the deposed president , who gathered around the brazilian embassy , where military forces reinforced their position .
the brazilian foreign minister , celso amorim , criticised the coup government &apos;s position .
this demonstrates the marginal character of this government in relation with international standards , he asserted .
zelaya , who had become closer with the socialist venezuelan president , hugo chavez , had been overturned on june 28th , the day he had organised a public consultation to prepare for his re-election , going against the views of the supreme court , the army and congress .
exiled to costa rica , he had made a surprise return on september 21st and had taken refuge at the brazilian embassy .
if he comes out , he will be arrested to answer to charges of &quot; high treason &quot; , which the law accuses him of , according to the coup government .
the coup president , roberto micheletti , has managed to organise a presidential election on the 29th of november to replace mr. zelaya .
porfirio lobo was elected in the controversial vote , which was recognised by the united states , but was contested by latin american countries such as venezuela , argentina , and brazil .
three days later , congress voted by a landslide against mr. zelaya &apos;s return to power for the remainder of his term up to january 27th .
wall street rises , the commercial balance of the us feeds optimism
the new york stock exchange finished higher on thursday , as american commercial equilibrium figures indicate a return of activity in the united states and with its partners : the dow gained 0.67 % , and the nasdaq 0.33 % .
according to the final closing figures , the dow jones industrial average rose by 68.78 points to 10 405.83 points , and the nasdaq , with a technology dominance , rose by 7.13 points to 2 190.06 points .
the broader standard &amp; poor &apos;s 500 index had a result of 0.58 % ( 6.40 points ) taking it to 1 102.35 points .
we have good news coming from various sides of the economy , assessed lindsey piegza from ftn financial .
however , this remains anecdotal evidence , she cautioned , suggesting the market was focusing on &quot; the glass being half full &quot; .
peter cardillo of avalon partners thinks that investors have concentrated particularly on america &apos;s commercial balance figures , &quot; which show an improvement in activity in the fourth quarter &quot; .
the us commercial deficit dropped by 7.6 % in october , compared to september , to 32.9 billion dollars .
analysts were expecting the opposite , a deepening of the deficit .
both imports and exports increased .
the big news is the increase in trade volumes , especially in the export of goods , which reflects the economical growth of the commercial partners of the united states , commented christopher cornell from the research company economy.com.
in contrast , new unemployment claims in the united states have increased beyond all expectations in the past week , to reach 474 000 claims .
however , in the last four weeks , the average number of new employment seekers &quot; has fallen to its lowest in a year &quot; , highlighted scott marcouiller from wells fargo advisors .
the bond market has fallen .
treasury 10-year bond yields have grown to 3.482 % against 3.423 % on tuesday evening , and 30-year bond yields are at 4.492 % against 4.408 % the previous evening .
cuba : hundreds of government supporters speak out against the &quot; ladies in white &quot;
several hundred cuban pro-government demonstrators spoke out on thursday against political prisoners &apos; wives , who had gathered in havana for international human rights day , and prevented another demonstration , for which around a dozen dissidents were arrested .
around forty &quot; white ladies &quot; , wives and those close to the political prisoners , were jeered at in the street by supporters of raul castro &apos;s government as they were marching towards the centre of the capital to demand the liberation of the political prisoners , observed an afp reporter .
down with the yanks ! , &quot; mercenaries ! &quot; , &quot; the street belongs to the revolutionaries ! &quot; , &quot; long live fidel and raul ! &quot; the pro-government supporters chanted at the dissidents , their fists raised .
these latter were escorted by plainclothes agents , who had come to &quot; ensure their protection &quot; .
the previous evening , a similar demonstration had taken place against the &quot; ladies in white &quot; in havana without anyone being injured or arrested .
however , in the vedado district of havana , a dozen dissidents , who were also preparing to demonstrate thursday for the international human rights day , were arrested by plainclothes police , reported an afp journalist .
the policemen made the dissidents , who had been jeered at by pro-government supporters , get into unmarked vehicles , according to the journalist .
dissident arrests under similar circumstances normally only last a few hours .
recipients of the 2005 sakharov prize from the european parliament , the &quot; ladies in white &quot; had organised a non-authorised march to &quot; demand the release of all political prisoners &quot; , totalling 200 according to the dissident side , declared one of their leaders , laura pollan , whose husband , hector maceda , is serving a 20-year sentence in prison .
mr. maceda is part of the group of 75 cuban dissidents arrested in march 2003 , 53 of which remain behind bars .
the cuban authorities consider the opposition as &quot; mercenaries &quot; or &quot; agents &quot; on the books of their sworn enemy , the united states .
unusually , cuban television covered the demonstration of pro-government supporters against the &quot; anti-revolutionaries &quot; on thursday .
cuba , lead by a single party , the communist party , is regularly accused by european or american ngos of flouting rights and liberties , notably those of the freedom of expression .
a madman kills an eighty-year-old with a knife and wounds 5 at clichy-la-garenne
a crazed man armed with two knives has killed a man in his eighties and wounded five other people in the city centre of clichy-la-garenne ( hauts-de-seine ) , during rush hour , towards the end of thursday .
we have learned from witnesses and from police that , according to the investigation &apos;s initial findings , the attacker , aged 28 , appears to have struck an eighty-year-old with two knives for reasons that remain unclear , in or at the front of a pharmacy at 85 boulevard jean-jaurès .
having sustained severe wounds , the elderly man , born in 1929 according to the police union , alliance , died from his injuries in the hospital .
in or in front of the same pharmacy , he then began attacking a couple , including a pregnant woman .
the husband , aged around thirty , came between them and was wounded .
the first two victims , gravely wounded , were admitted to the hospital , where the eighty-year-old man died .
the days of the other injured person may be numbered , as vital organs have apparently been affected , according to police sources .
the pregnant woman was subsequently taken ill and was hospitalised &quot; in a state of shock &quot; , according to one police source .
the armed man , who appeared to be under the influence of alcohol or drugs , according to a police source , fled into the street along boulevard jean jaurès .
he is reported to have wounded two passers-by , apparently at random : one thirty-year-old , and one forty-year-old , the latter severely .
by the evening , the scenario remained unclear .
he was armed with two butcher &apos;s knives that he carried crossed on his back , explained arnaud pressé at the scene , an officer from the alliance union of hauts-de-seine .
several passers-by , including some youngsters , attempted to overpower the madman , according to witness reports collected by the afp .
i saw a guy of about thirty with a green jacket .
three youths tried to intervene .
they could not manage it , because the guy was well-built , recounted alberto , a server in a nearby bar .
a crowd fell on him , including a town policeman , who broke his wrist , he added .
still on jean-jaurès boulevard , outside number 61 , two town policemen , one of whom was the chief , attempted to arrest the armed man and were injured by punches , according to police sources .
the events took place on one of clichy-la-garenne &apos;s main streets , where many local businesses operate .
some passers-by came to tell me that there was someone injured outside .
i went out , saw a 70-year-old on the ground , put the person in the recovery position , then i noticed a severe wound on the abdomen , frédéric allione , a 35-year-old pharmacist , told the afp .
five minutes later , a second person arrived , aged around thirty , with knife wounds .
national police officers were the ones who arrested the man , who was not carrying any identification documents .
the case will be brought to the nanterre public prosecutor &apos;s office by the region &apos;s police service for hauts-de-seine ( sdpj 92 ) .
the madman was taken to a hospital on thursday evening .
he had not yet had a chance to speak after being taken into custody .
a police source did not exclude the possibility of him being committed to a psychiatric hospital .
according to another police source , six policemen were needed to subdue the man at the police station in clichy , where he was taken .
he was &quot; in a state of hyperexcitement &quot; as are &quot; all crazed people of this kind , whose strength increases tenfold under its effect &quot; .
usa : polanski &apos;s lawyer calls afresh for proceedings to be dropped
the lawyer of the franco-polish film director , roman polanski , called again in los angeles on thursday ( california , western united states ) , for the abandonment of proceedings against his client , who is currently under house arrest in switzerland for a vice case that is over 30 years old .
chad hummel , the lawyer for the director of &quot; the pianist &quot; cited grave errors in the procedures at the time of the events in 1977 , in front of three judges at the court of appeal of california &apos;s second district .
i am calling for charges to be dropped here and now , declared mr. hummel , before adding that the behaviour of the judge , who was dealing with the case at the time , laurence rittenband , &quot; sends chills down the spine &quot; .
according to him , judge rittenband -- since deceased -- is said to have spoken with one of the prosecutors , who told him that roman polanski deserved prison , before passing sentence -- constituting a serious error in procedure .
this discussion had been revealed in the documentary &quot; roman polanski : wanted and desired &quot; , the words coming straight from the prosecutor in question , david wells .
however , mr. wells had eventually declared that he had &quot; lied &quot; to the author of the documentary at the end of september .
in the event of the court &apos;s refusal to abandon proceedings , mr. hummel called for a trial to be held , which would allow him to present evidence to back his arguments .
the prosecution , for its part , has re-iterated its argument , already formed in the first instance , that no abandonment of the charges could be seriously looked at while roman polanski did not present himself in court .
the 76-year-old filmmaker had fled the united states before his sentence had been passed for &quot; unlawful sexual relations &quot; with a 13-year-old minor .
he has not set foot in the united states since .
the deputy prosecutor for los angeles county , phyllis asayama , therefore declared that roman polanski &quot; must be present at the hearing &quot; .
for this case , are we trying to send the message , not just to ( roman polanski ) but also other defendants , that it is ok to flee ? asked mrs. asayama .
in her view , the filmmaker &quot; is asking a favour from the court , while at the same time showing disregard for its authority &quot; .
one of the three judges -- who now have 90 days to return their verdict -- has also emphasised &quot; that there are other alternatives to fleeing &quot; .
mr. hummel was not the only one to request that proceedings against roman polanski be abandoned .
the lawyer of samantha geimer , the victim , also called once again for an end to the proceedings .
reminding that her client can no longer stand to be harassed with every resurfacing of the polanski case , she added : &quot; no one in this room can claim that this was a just procedure .
thirty two years is enough &quot; .
roman polanski was arrested on the 26th of september in switzerland on an american warrant .
after more than two months behind bars , he was put under house arrest at his chalet in gstaad , pending his possible extradition .
wall street closes without momentum , slowed by a strengthening dollar
the new york stock exchange closed with no particular heading on friday , in a market torn between better than expected indicators in the united states and a strengthening dollar : the dow jones gained 0.63 % but the nasdaq dropped 0.03 % .
according to final closing figures , the dow jones industrial average has risen by 65.67 points to 10 471.50 points , whereas the nasdaq , with a technology predominance , fell by 0.55 point to 2 190.31 points .
the wider standard &amp; poor &apos;s 500 has itself advanced by 0.37 % ( 4.06 points ) to 1 106.41 points .
frankly , the market is very calm , observes mace blicksilver of marblehead asset management .
it remains within a narrow margin ; trading volumes have become very weak , and i think that this will remain the case until the end of the year .
the trend was supported by the publication of better than expected economic indicators , which &quot; have contributed to improving market opinion in relation to the robustness of the economic recovery &quot; , summarised charles schwab &apos;s analysts .
in the united states , retail sales have increased by 1.3 % in november , for the second month in a row , and far more than predicted .
moreover , the confidence of american consumers has clearly bounced back in december , to 73.4 against 67.4 the previous month , according to preliminary estimates from michigan university &apos;s index .
the indices have , however , been slowed by a renewed rise of the dollar , to a new two-month high against the euro , which &quot; puts downward pressure on the sectors that are sensitive to the economic situation &quot; , explained owen fitzpatrick from deutsche bank .
technology securities have thereby lost some ground .
the bond market has fallen .
treasury 10-year bond yields have grown to 3.540 % against 3.482 % on tuesday evening , and 30-year bond yields are at 4.497 % against 4.492 % the previous evening .
miss world pageant once again in south africa
after a month-long trek across south africa , the 112 candidates for the title of miss world are preparing to enter the final straight on saturday to make their dream come true : to be voted the most beautiful woman in the world in front of a billion television viewers .
during this grand beauty congregation organised for the second consecutive year around johannesburg , five of them have already landed their tickets to the semi-final .
miss japan , eruza sasaki , perla beltran acosta of mexico , mariatu kargbo of sierra leone , kaiane aldorino from gibraltar , and yanbing ma from canada have been elected miss world sportswoman or also miss world top model during their african stay .
it was a real whirlwind .
to visit beautiful cities like port elizabeth , durban , and cape town is extraordinary .
i saw so many things and i have so much new experience , said miss of sierra leone .
this competition , which is taking place in south africa for the ninth time , will be transmitted live on saturday from midrand , north of johannesburg , starting at 17 : 00 ( 15 : 00 gmt ) .
i could not have dreamed of a better country to award my crown .
the experience was fascinating .
i am pleased to have been able to live it twice , points out miss world ksenia sukhinova in the heat of the southern summer .
for the young russian , her second visit to south africa has been made memorable by the many talks with candidates and the re-discovery &quot; of landscapes in this country that take your breath away &quot; .
after a month of galas , rehearsals , press meetings , and safaris , the miss candidates are concentrating on the competition .
the indian pooja chopra hopes to follow in the footsteps of priyanka chopra , elected in 2000 and present at this vote , as well as those of aishwarya rai in 1994 , both of whom have become stars of bollywood .
it is the dream of every woman to be crowned the most beautiful woman in the world , but it is not all about appearance .
we are ambassadors for our countries and i want to return home with the crown , asserts miss india with a broad smile .
according to organisers , music and dance will mark this 59th edition .
candidates will parade in traditional outfits and , of course , in swimsuits .
the show will be presented by angela chow , an ethnic chinese television presenter , the south african ex-beauty queen michelle mclean , and an officer from the miss world committee , steve douglas .
south africa showed that it could welcome the world with a warmth and pride that is difficult to better , affirms julia morley , president of miss world .
the candidates went on safari , as they did last year , visited the famous township of soweto , but this time by bicycle , and sampled the local cuisine .
exceptionally , they also met the south african president , jacob zuma , who shook their hands .
unusual for a head of state , notes miss sierra leone .
their most beautiful memory will probably be the world cup draw in cape town ( southwest ) for football in june 2010 , a way for the country to promote the event a little more .
i have mixed with people i never thought i would be able to approach .
i will without a doubt be returning for the 2010 world cup , enthuses miss italy , alice taticchi .
the news about johnny hallyday &quot; is very positive &quot; , according to son david
the news about johnny hallyday &quot; is very positive &quot; , assures his son , david , on friday arriving at the airport in los angeles , where he was to be by his father &apos;s bedside , who has been in hospital for several days .
the news is very positive .
he is very strong , all will go well , declared his son , david hallyday , to the press on leaving the plane from paris just after 13 : 00 local time ( 21 : 00 gmt ) .
the singer &apos;s son had a relaxed air and assured that he would be heading &quot; without delay &quot; to the cedars-sinaï hospital in los angeles , where johnny hallyday was admitted on monday for an infection stemming from a slipped disc operation on november 26th in paris .
the singer was &quot; put in an artificial coma tonight in los angeles for comfort reasons , to prevent his suffering , and to allow his treatment to be administered &quot; , indicated the press service .
johnny hallyday had already been put in an artificial coma by doctors at the cedars-sinaï hospital in los angeles , where he had been admitted on monday for an infection stemming from a slipped disc operation on the 26th of november in paris .
the singer had to be operated on in the night from wednesday to thursday because of significant lesions resulting from the operation .
his wife , laeticia , went on friday morning to the los angeles french high school , where their daughter jade is enrolled , to attend a school performance , observed an afp photographer .
the head of orthopaedic and trauma surgery of the pitié-salpêtrière hospital , yves catoné , announced that he would travel to see the singer in los angeles on monday .
the producer vehemently brought into question dr. stéphane delajoux , the neuro-surgeon , who operated on the singer on the 26th of november at the international clinic of parc monceau in paris .
they told us it was carnage .
the los angeles surgeons said they were aghast , declared mr. camus .
i heard talk of possible legal proceedings to come , he said .
jean-claude camus reckoned that johnny hallyday had &quot; left far too soon for los angeles , with the paris surgeon &apos;s authorisation &quot; .
i had this doctor on the phone in person , and he assured me that there was no problem for this trip , which shocked me , as i , myself , have had two slipped discs , he added .
shortly before , on rtl , he had indicated that the singer apparently &quot; had left without a drain or anything &quot; , following his paris operation .
dr stéphane delajoux is well-known in artistic circles .
he had operated on the actress marie trintignant in vilnius a few days before her death at a clinic in neuilly-sur-seine , where he practiced at the time .
in 2007 , he had also operated on the actress charlotte gainsbourg to resorb a haematoma , following a cerebral haemorrhage .
however , he is also a doctor with a notorious reputation , convicted by the law on several occasions , in cases of medical liability , as well as for fraud and tax evasion .
olivier metzner , the lawyer for the doctors &apos; governing body , accused him of being &quot; a man without scruples &quot; , who &quot; regularly &quot; has to answer to the governing body &apos;s council , and who is &quot; far from reputable &quot; .
after several days of silence , dr. stéphane delajoux made an announcement on friday through his solicitor , david koubbi .
the latter indicated that the operation had &quot; gone perfectly well &quot; and that post-operation tests returned &quot; normal &quot; .
the operation &quot; was not haemorrhagic and therefore did not required a drain to be fitted &quot; , he added .
in any case , the singer &apos;s tour , for whom health problems have been multiplying since the summer , would seem to be on hold .
clearly , resuming the tour on the 8th of january &#91; in amiens &#93; as planned seems very soon , declared mr. camus .
the udf alliance speaks out and orders the new centre party to stop using its acronym
the udf alliance , controlled by françois bayrou &apos;s democratic movement ( modem ) , reacted on friday to the buy-out bid made by the new centre &apos;s president , hervé morin , for the acronym of the former giscardian party , by ordering him not to use it under any circumstances , threatening legal action otherwise .
hervé morin announced publicly that he intended to recoup the udf acronym , ruling that françois bayrou was not worthy of its political heritage , having extended his hand to the left .
the defence minister , whose party is partner to the ump , had in fact planned to confirm this strategy on saturday before the nc &apos;s national council .
in support of his move , he received backing from deputy hervé de charette ( ex-ump switched to nc ) , who claims his ownership of the udf trademark by being the first to record it in 2004 at the national industrial property institute .
however , friday evening , the udf alliance &apos;s office , headed by françois bayrou &apos;s friends , who do not plan to give up possession , has come out of silence to launch an attack against the deputy , ordering him not to use the acronym , and to transfer the trademark &apos;s ownership to them , otherwise threatening legal action .
in the last few days , you have stepped up the number of declarations indicating that you were going to propose political action to regain the udf acronym , the alliance writes in a communication signed by 19 out of the 24 members of the office , including françois bayrou and marielle de sarnez from the modem , as well as the senator , jean arthuis , from the centre alliance .
you also thought it acceptable to include in your campaign literature and on your website &apos;s homepage the movement &apos;s name , the new centre , and to follow it with the slogan : today &apos;s udf , remark those who signed the document .
as you are well aware , you have no right to the use of the acronym , explains the udf &apos;s office , requiring that the nc remove &quot; immediately any mention of the udf name from all material , and from ( their ) internet site &quot; .
he also requests that hervé de charette &quot; transfer ownership of the trademark to its rightful owners &quot; .
if you failed to do this , the matter would be referred to the courts to ensure that the law and the legitimate rights of udf members were respected , warn the document &apos;s signatories .
in their communication , they specify that the udf &quot; is a political movement in its own right since 1978 &quot; and points out that mr. morin and his friends had &quot; made their choice &quot; to leave him in 2007 &quot; to create a competing movement , as others had done in 2002 , to establish the ump &quot; .
the new centre , according to them , has therefore no right to the use of the udf acronym ( union for french democracy ) .
they also remind that the udf &apos;s last assembly voted in 2007 for its union with the modem for three years , and for the creation of an office charged with defending &quot; the material and moral interests &quot; of the body founded by valéry giscard d &apos;estaing .
as for hervé de charette , the office continues , &quot; when he registered the trademark &quot; , he had &quot; not been a udf member for three years &quot; , but , in fact , with the ump .
he is profiting in a scandalous and fraudulent manner from the absence of a registered trademark for the udf acronym by taking it to benefit his own account .
this incident is turning into a major offence , they state , before adding ironically about the nc &apos;s strategy that : &quot; in our opinion , in politics as in real life , it is more dignified to make one &apos;s own name rather than try to become somebody by fraudulently acquiring a name we have no right to &quot; .
liliane bettencourt case : françois-marie banier will be tried for &quot; abuse of weakness &quot;
the nanterre tribunal decided on friday to bring françois-marie banier to trial to ascertain whether , as the daughter of billionairess liliane bettencourt is accusing him , he profited from the eighty-year-old &apos;s weakened mental state to despoil her of some of her fortune .
the photographer , 62 , known for his photographs of the stars , will be tried on the 15th and 16th of april 2010 for &quot; abuse of weakness &quot; , an offence that carries a maximum penalty of three years in prison and a 375 000 euro fine .
the decision confirms that there will indeed be a trial in this case , which is turning into a worthy family saga involving one of the richest families in france , where mother and daughter are torn apart , while at the reins of the l &apos;oréal cosmetics empire .
however , the 15th magistrate &apos;s court has also ordered a combined expert medical opinion of liliane bettencourt , aged 87 , to be led by three doctors .
the heiress and principal shareholder of l &apos;oréal has always refused to undergo such an exam , at least not with the conditions proposed by the nanterre court at the time of the investigation .
the doctors nominated on friday will have to submit a report by the 10th of march , 2010 , stating , in particular , whether liliane bettencourt could have found herself in a weakened state and at which times .
i think she will submit to it .
i will talk with her about it , declared mrs. bettencourt &apos;s lawyer , georges kiejman , at the exit of the hearing .
for his part , the lawyer of françoise bettencourt-meyers , olivier metzner , congratulated himself on the court &apos;s decision .
it is excellent news ( … ) the expert opinion will prove that he ( mr. banier ) manipulated this elderly lady , whom we should be protecting , he affirmed .
for two years , liliane bettencourt &apos;s daughter and only child has engaged in taking to court the case against françois-marie banier , the photographer and all-round artist , whom she accuses of profiting for years from her mother &apos;s weakness to obtain a billion euros in donations , in the form of cheques , life insurance contracts , or works of art .
as far as she is concerned , liliane bettencourt has always refuted having been manipulated by the photographer , who she considers a long-standing friend .
as the court on friday was due to examine the admissibility of the case brought by mrs. bettencourt-meyers , the pleas from the lawyers at times turned proceedings into an unveiling of intimate family matters .
thus , liliane bettencourt &apos;s lawyer cited three letters sent by his client ( in 1999 , 2003 , and 2005 ) to her solicitor , in which she expressed having suspicions about françoise bettencourt-meyers &apos; husband .
in the letter dated from 2003 , liliane bettencourt added , according to the lawyer : &quot; could you explain to my daughter that i wrote to mr. banier once or twice a day for fifteen years . &quot;
i have been unable to speak to françoise since her marriage &quot; .
for its part , the court in nanterre has again ruled that the plaintiff &apos;s claim was not admissible for action , all the more so after a judge supervising guardianship refused her request in the past few days to initiate a procedure allowing legal protection for her mother .
liliane bettencourt &quot; is fully capable of participating in legal proceedings , she is not under protection and does not have a guardian .
nobody needs to act on her behalf &quot; , affirms the public prosecution &apos;s representative , marie-christine daubigney .
the court determined that it would make a ruling once the case concerning the admissibility of mrs. bettencourt-meyers &apos;s claim had taken place .
a management revolution or the end of competitive intelligence ?
if nothing changes in the way france &apos;s biggest enterprises are run , our fight for the development of competitive intelligence will have been in vain …
for over ten years , the management &apos;s attitude in large enterprises towards their employees reflects the position of enterprises and their consumers before the marketing revolution : employees should be made to adhere to &quot; values &quot; dictated from above just as it was in the past , when products dreamed up by the factory &apos;s engineers were dropped on the consumer .
by placing the consumer at the heart of the organisation , the marketing revolution put the strategies for conquering markets the right way up again ... even if authoritarian temptation to impose products , which are disconnected from the preferences of the consumer tend to resurface regularly !
a demobilisation of employees can lead to terminal demoralisation .
suicides at france telecom , psa and renault are only the visible part of a far more widespread problem that affects management employees in particular .
demobilisation gravely compromises the development of an organisation &apos;s strategic functions , notably in r &amp; d , but even more so in competitive intelligence .
indeed , ci &quot; demands from all sides concerned ( ... ) a proactive approach and a long-term vision &quot; ; it requires from employees a commitment that is entirely contradicted by authoritarian management methods .
for this reason , we are calling for a management revolution , which would consist in placing employees at the centre of an enterprise &apos;s concerns alongside consumers .
the very relative usefulness of internal opinion surveys
will internal opinion surveys - such as those given by orange to its employees - stimulate this revolution in managerial methods ?
unfortunately , i fear it will not .
- firstly , because i have witnessed that , when faced with a new situation , any organisation will arrive , after many detours , at doing chiefly ... what it always does !
- next , because authoritarianism - a disease of power - grows proportionally with the magnitude of its own failures .
- finally , because most leaders have a simplistic view of human behaviour .
coming from the top technical educational establishments , they have a mechanistic interpretation of psychology .
they adopt , for intellectual convenience , the old behaviourist theory , which has recently been re-awakened by the &quot; neuro-sciences &quot; of the united states that have been widely and silently diffused by business institutes and the media .
in this way , by suggesting that &quot; levers &quot; &#91; sic &#93; can be pulled for the commitment of management staff , a recent ipsos survey published on figaro.fr cradles leaders into a position of mechanistic governance , which is unsuited to the world of today .
identify and quantify mobilisation factors
in contrast , the management revolution needed for the correct functioning of modern enterprises supposes the adoption of a finalistic vision of human behaviour .
it consists in the integration , within all management strategies and practices , of a fundamental admission : for employees , commitment to the enterprise is only possible if it is clearly perceived as a means to realising a part of their dreams , their ambitions , and their plans .
currently , only studies produced through motivation factor analysis adopt the concept of employee motivation .
these studies have demonstrated that they form a view of their organisation based on a pre-determined consensus of opinion , which allows them , by means of this perceived view , to evaluate what it offers them to achieve their life plans .
by identifying and gauging these mobilisation factors , enterprise leaders can control , predict and anticipate their &quot; social performance &quot; and turn their management of resources &quot; the right way round &quot; .
they thereby create a favourable terrain for the concerted development of robust and effective competitive intelligence .
oslo speech : the &quot; just war &quot; earns obama praise from the right
the american right paid tribute to the speech given the previous evening in oslo by barack obama , satisfied that the nobel peace prize 2009 had defended the concept of a &quot; just war &quot; against the enemies of the united states .
the conservatives , who had mocked the awarding of the prize to obama on october 9th , were this time giving the presidential speech their applause , lead by sarah palin , former vice-president candidate during the 2008 elections .
i liked what he said , declared mrs. palin , right-wing champion of the republican party , to the daily newspaper usa today , adding that she had herself touched on the topic of war that is &quot; sometimes necessary &quot; in her memoirs , which have just been published .
war is , of course , one of the last things , which americans want to get involved in , but it is necessary .
we must stop these terrorists over there , she affirmed .
mr. obama , who has inherited the two wars from his predecessor , george w. bush , in iraq and afghanistan , applied himself on thursday in oslo to justifying resorting to force , a way to explain his decision to send 30 000 additional troops to afghanistan nine days earlier .
another one of mr. obama &apos;s opponents , newt gingrich , concluded that the president had done &quot; very good work &quot; in oslo .
i found his speech to be really very good , approved the former speaker in the house of representatives , who had particularly valued the mention that &quot; evil does exist in the world &quot; in the presidential discourse .
from certain viewpoints , i found this speech to be of historic significance , declared mr. gingrich , during an interview for the radio show &quot; the takeaway &quot; .
the former representative , considered by some a possible candidate for the republican inauguration of the 2012 presidential elections , was delighted to see &quot; a president from the left &quot; remind the noble committee members &quot; that they would not be free and in a position to award a peace prize if resorting to force had not been an option &quot; .
for michael gerson , a former writer for george w. bush and re-converted columnist for the washington post , mr. obama has given &quot; a very american speech &quot; .
as well as presenting himself as a &quot; world citizen &quot; , as &quot; he always does &quot; , &quot; he spoke like an american president &quot; , reminding europeans &quot; that they live in a security bubble , which they did not create and they are doing little to preserve &quot; , declared mr. gerson .
among the few unconvinced right-wingers , a hawkish character from the bush era , the former un ambassador , john bolton , described the speech as &quot; drab , turgid , and uninspired &quot; on the national review online &apos;s website .
to the president &apos;s left , the democratic representative dennis kucinich was alarmed to see barack obama justify resorting to force .
when we wrap war inside the notion of justice , the massacre of innocent people can easily be justified , he warned .
centre-left press nevertheless remained full of praise for the president .
the los angeles times , still of the opinion that the nobel prize had been prematurely awarded to mr. obama , described his address as &quot; a blockbuster &quot; , even for a speaker that is known for his talent .
the oslo speech &quot; should serve as a roadmap for guiding international decisions made on conflicts , poverty and oppression &quot; , enthused the californian newspaper .
mr. obama &quot; made the speech that was needed &quot; , reports the new york times , judging it &quot; both sombre and edifying &quot; .
road freight : three marathons for one agreement to save christmas deliveries
following three marathon sessions of negotiations , transport unions and the tlf , the only employer &apos;s organisation to have remained to the end , reached an agreement on friday evening that will end the strike order and the threat on christmas deliveries .
during the signing on friday evening , transport secretary dominique bussereau was &quot; delighted &quot; with the agreement after several rounds of negotiations on wednesday morning .
after a second night of discussions , negotiating sides left in the small hours with the hope of a swift signing of the agreement &apos;s text later in the morning .
and this , despite three employers &apos; organisations ( fntr , unostra , otre ) having slammed the door .
however , it took a further six hours from a meeting that started at 11am for everyone to be in agreement , and for the text to be signed at 6pm .
the disagreement &quot; would have been very damaging for the companies &quot; and &quot; it looked like it might threaten the end of year festivities &quot; , mr. bussereau stated .
the document allows for a 4 % increase in salaries for the lowest ones ( in local and regional road transport ) , and a 2.9 % increase for higher ones ( international transport ) .
hourly rates , for those on lower pay , &quot; go from 8.72 euros to 9.06 .
it is not much , but we have come a long way , explains patrice clos ( worker &apos;s union ) .
this evening we will give the order to our campaigners not to form blockades or picket at delivery depots .
there may , however , always be a few difficult ones , who remain uncooperative , he added .
philippe grillot , president of the tlf , paid tribute to &quot; a good agreement &quot; , even if it was &quot; difficult to concede the increases on the higher salaries given international competition &quot; .
according to him , the increases will be of the order of 170 euros per month for the lower salaries and from 100 to 120 euros for the higher ones .
it is a common sense agreement , respecting the workers , declared maxime dumont ( cfdt ) , while thierry douine ( cftc ) praised it as &quot; a historic agreement &quot; .
as for richard jaubert ( cgt ) , he described it as &quot; an acceptable compromise &quot; .
the agreement also allows for a rise in travel expenses of 3 % and maintaining current general road transport conditions for the first half of 2010 , which will give room for dealing with the questions of a 13th month &apos;s pay and the modernisation of the collective labour agreement .
mr. bussereau reminded everyone that &quot; a 100 million euro cut in employers &apos; charges &quot; had been the subject of a government amendment in corrective financial legislation for 2009 , voted on in the night from thursday to friday at the national assembly .
the government will ask that the senate vote on it &quot; in the same timeframe &quot; .
the signature from the tlf allows the agreement to be applied in the first instance to all the companies that are members of the organisation , and secondly , to the whole profession , subject to it being extended by the minister for labour .
it will be done &quot; in a very short time &quot; , assures mr. bussereau .
the opposing employers &apos; organisations can only delay the process .
the fntr called it a &quot; sham &quot; , because the 100 million euros &quot; had already been promised to the sector in compensation for part of the carbon tax &quot; .
the transport secretary urgently forced us to the negotiating table , not with the aim of a two-sided review , but to avoid upsetting the turkey-eaters this christmas , deplores the unostra .
for the otre , the agreement risks &quot; digging the graves of a large number of the sector &apos;s smes over the next 12 months &quot; .
rer a : disruptions this weekend , unions unhappy with ratp proposals
disruptions on the rer a , the largest urban public transport link in france , are set to continue over the weekend , as a meeting on friday , the second day of strikes , between the unions and the ratp management have left their pay demands unmet .
saturday and sunday , on this critical weekend of shopping before christmas , trains will only run between the hours of 10am and 8pm , with just one out of two trains running on the central stretch ( between la défense and nation ) , and one out of four outside the central section .
the operation of the interchange with the sncf will be suspended at nanterre préfecture , forcing passengers to change trains .
the galeries lafayette , who welcome 200 000 customers every day , were delighted by the fact that &quot; the ratp is making efforts to assist the department stores &quot; .
the rer a runs through the parisian conurbation from west to east .
the ratp segment runs from saint-germain-en-laye and nanterre to boissy-saint-léger and marne-la-vallée .
on friday , approximately one out of two trains ran at peak times , with almost no trains at all during off-peak periods , as planned .
as on thursday , there was no trouble with crowds on the platforms , as parisians had gotten themselves organised .
thus , in the early hours , the station at saint-germain-en-laye ( yvelines ) was far less busy than usual , notably because of the absence of school and college students .
at boissy-saint-léger ( val-de-marne ) , jack nbakina , a 29-year-old engineer , explained that he had gotten up &quot; an hour and a half earlier , to be sure of arriving on time &quot; .
the saint-lazare station did not see any overcrowding , the sncf stated , having planned for additional support staff and police officers .
the rer a trains operated by the sncf to or from cergy-le-haut were departing or arriving from saint-lazare station , where they link with the metro .
new general meetings for strikers will be held on saturday and sunday , which will review the results , seen as &quot; poor &quot; by the unions , of a meeting with management held on friday afternoon .
the rer &apos;s director proposes to negotiate a specific agreement for the rer a on all aspects , working hours , career paths , etc …
it is not what the drivers , who are demanding the bonus they are owed , want , according to thierry garon ( sud ) .
the ratp has even put its offer of bonuses on hold , the cgt complained , pointing out that the management &quot; could not be bothered to resolve the problem , whereas road transport and the sncf both have it done and dusted &quot; .
a new meeting is scheduled on monday for &quot; a wider review of the conditions of practice for the profession &quot; , the ratp elaborated .
prompting the unions to remark further that the company &quot; did not care about its weekend passengers &quot; .
during the morning , some 150 drivers invaded a works council meeting at the company &apos;s seat in paris .
that is when management , which had until then refused to enter into any discussions during the strike , had suggested the meeting &quot; in a motion to calm the situation &quot; .
the dispute is threatening to extend to rer b on tuesday , following the submission of an advance notice by the unsa and the indépendants groups .
the unions are demanding a bonus of 120 euros ( unsa ) to 150 euros , with a 30-euro variable band ( cgt , fo , cfdt , sud , indépendants ) and are complaining of the deterioration in work conditions on this line serving a million passengers every day .
the rer drivers , all in the later stages of their careers , are paid a gross salary of 2200 to 2700 euros as well as 600 to 650 euros of bonus pay for split shifts , sundays and holidays .
turkish justice bans the pro-kurd party , a decision laden with consequences
the turkish constitutional court returned a verdict on friday for the dissolution of the country &apos;s main pro-kurd party , a decision which was immediately followed by angry protests within the kurdish community in the southeast of the country and in istanbul .
the decision is likely to greatly complicate the government &apos;s work , as it has just recently made positive gestures towards the kurdish community in an attempt to resolve a 25-year old conflict .
the party for a democratic society ( dtp ) was disbanded because it had become &quot; a hotbed of damaging activities against the state &apos;s independence and its unfailing unity &quot; , the president of the court , hasim kiliç , declared to the press at the end of four days of deliberations .
the decision was taken unanimously by the 11 judges , while a majority of seven was sufficient to force the disbanding , mr. kiliç indicated , adding that 37 of the party &apos;s representatives , including its president , ahmet türk , and the deputy , aysel tugluk , have been banished from political life for the next five years .
the judge also announced the lifting of the parliamentary immunity , from which both mr. türk and mrs. tugluk benefited , and the confiscation of party assets by the treasury .
the dtp occupies 21 seats in parliament ( out of 550 ) .
its leaders had warned prior to the verdict that the representatives would leave parliament rather than take their seats as representatives with no affiliation .
the decision was taken following proceedings launched in 2007 by the prosecutor of the appeal court , abdurrahman yalçinkaya , who accuses the dtp of obeying &quot; directives &quot; from the kurdistan workers &apos; party ( pkk ) , which is considered to be a terrorist organisation by ankara and in many countries .
many observers believe the dtp serves as a legal political shop window for the pkk rebels .
the party maintains , however , that it has &quot; no organic links &quot; with the pkk , but refuses to recognise it as a terrorist organisation and is calling for the government to open negotiations with it .
the court &apos;s verdict comes at a time when the government has extended its hand to the kurdish community by proposing a series of measures , reinforcing its rights in an attempt to quash kurdish support for the pkk and put an end to the conflict .
dtp leaders had stated that a dissolution of the party could lead to renewed tensions in the anatolian southeast , where a great number of protests against the terms for the detention of the pkk &apos;s head , abdullah öcalan , have degenerated into clashes with police in the last few weeks .
as soon as the law made its announcement , a thousand protesters gathered before the dtp &apos;s buildings in diyarbakir , the southeast &apos;s main city , populated mainly by kurds .
police forces fired tear-gas grenades and used water cannons , as demonstrators threw molotov cocktails and stones with slings .
around a hundred people also demonstrated in istanbul .
following the verdict , mr. türk declared that the law &apos;s decision would &quot; deepen the despair &quot; .
turkey cannot resolve this &#91; kurdish &#93; issue by banning a party , he told the press .
the government , a party rooted in islamic influences , also condemned the decision .
we are opposed on principle to the closing down of parties .
it does not solve anything , declared the energy minister , taner yildiz .
this decision puts a blowtorch to the government &apos;s democratic olive branch , comments political analyst ahmet insel .
of course , we can expect a reaction from the pkk , he added .
on thursday , the pkk claimed responsibility for an attack that killed seven soldiers in the north of turkey three days earlier , one of the bloodiest in the last few months .
the snow can come
a really hard , frosty winter , that is what wolfgang brauburger is wishing for .
not because he wants to make a laughing stock of people , says the the head of the fes winter road maintenance service .
but so that his employees can try out and learn every facit of their vehicle &apos;s technology .
this may be the case for the first time this weekend , according to meteorologists .
more than 330 employees and 120 vehicles are ready to take care of the snow and ice .
here , the fes is proceeding according to a precise plan .
as soon as frankfurt is blanketed in snow and the temperatures drop below zero , 20 so-called &quot; a routes &quot; are serviced by large-scale distribution vehicles , explains brauburger .
these include , for instance , main traffic roads and through roads , such as neue weg and hanauer landstrasse .
but also fire roads , public transport routes , pedestrian zones and roads with slopes , such as atzelbergstrasse .
the service of the fes starts at three in the morning
the approx . 1,040 km would , if necessary , have to be gritted with wet salt , which has better adhesive properties , within no more than three hours .
that is why the fes start at three in the morning , &quot; so the routes are free by the time commuter traffic starts &quot; .
it becomes difficult when it only begins snowing at 7.30 am .
then we are faced with a problem , says the head of the winter road service , &quot; because nobody is prepared to make way for the gritting vehicles &quot; .
only then , unless it continues to snow , is it the turn of approach and connecting roads , which also include rat-beil-strasse .
the last priority are quiet side and minor roads .
that is where complaints are made , knows brauburger .
at five in the morning , the footmen of the fes set to work , and dangerous areas and passages are cleared .
the fes can usually not attend to all bike routes .
there is a special service in frankfurt , which keeps an eye on the bridges , in particular from 10 pm until 4.30 am , says brauburger .
as slippery ice quickly forms on them , the gritter sets off as soon as temperatures drop below two degrees centigrade .
where required , it is also called out by the police .
the cradle of the dinosaurs
tawa hallae looked like many other carnivorous dinosaurs : the animal , standing two metres tall and with a length of 1.50 metres on two strong hind legs , had a longish skull with sharp , curved teeth , short arms with sickle-shaped claws and a long tail .
if the species had lived a couple of million years later , it would not be anything special .
but tawa hallae was one of the first dinosaurs with such physical features , reports sterling nesbitt and his colleagues at the university of texas in austin in science magazine of thursday .
the animal lived about 215 million years in what is today new mexico , which was back then in a dry zone of the super continent pangaea at the equator .
tawa opens a new window to the early evolution of dinosaurs , says nesbitt .
it reveals a great deal about the relationships , the spread , and the features of early dinosaurs .
in 2006 nesbitt and the other palaeontologists started an excavation on the ghost ranch in northern new mexico .
&quot; on some days we found dozen dinosaur bones , that is exemplary for sediments from the triassic period , &quot; reports team member randall irmis of the utah museum of natural history .
the scientists identified some bones quickly .
during the excavations , they collected the remains of a total of five creatures .
find confirms theories on early dinosaur history
the name tawa comes from the sun god of the hopi indians .
for sterling nesbitt , it is an exceptional find : &quot; dinosaur fossils from the triassic period are extremely rare . mostly , only individual fragments are found . &quot;
other dinosaur researchers do not quite share this enthusiasm .
&quot; this find is not particularly spectacular , but it does confirm some theories on the early history of dinosaurs . &quot; says martin sander of the university of bonn , for instance .
according to current doctrine , the dinosaurs appeared for the first time about 230 million years ago .
but many of the oldest fossils are incomplete , for which reason the classification of these primal dinosaurs is highly contentious .
as such , the experts debated , for instance , when the saurians split into the three most important lines of development : the carnivorous theropods , which later included tyrannosaurus rex , the velociraptor and birds , the four-legged sauropods known as the &quot; long necks &quot; and their relatives , and the plant-eating ornithischiae ( bird-hipped saurians ) , which included , for instance , the triceratops and stegosaurus species .
according the analysis of nesbitt and his colleagues , tawa hallae is a primal theropod .
it has an interesting combination of primitive and progressive properties , says nesbitt .
on the skull of tawa hallae , for instance , the scientists found indications of air bags , as the descendants of the theropods , birds , have .
thanks to the air bags , the breathing of birds is more efficient than that of mammals .
tawa hallae &apos;s bones of the spine were obviously also partly filled with air .
tawa is the oldest and most primitive theropod with air bags , says randall irmis .
as the related line of the huge sauropods later also had air bags and lightweight bones , the joint ancestor of these two groups will probably have come up with this useful innovation .
at least three migration waves to north america
as the most primitive dinosaurs known to date lived in south america , the scientists come to the conclusion that the saurians appeared there first .
accordingly , the three lines of development separated early on and spread from south america across all parts of the planet , which still formed a single land mass as the super continent pangaea .
this theory is backed up by the fact that the team found two more theropods which are not particularly closely related along with the remains of tawa hallae .
the three cannot possibly descend from a common ancestor . so they must have migrated there , is the scientists argument .
we believe that there were at least three migration waves to north america , says alan turner of the american museum of natural history in new york , a co-author of the science study .
but there are of course contradictions .
an older species , silesaurus , which belongs to a sister group of the dinosaurs , lived in what is today poland , says the bonn-based palaeontologist martin sander .
he believes that a distorted picture may emerge simply because a high number of primitive dinosaur fossils have survived over the years , while there is hardly anything to be found on other continents .
how dinosaurs managed to develop from a relatively rare sidearm of the reptile tree to become the ruling tetrapod vertebrate of the mesozoic , is still anybody &apos;s guess .
during the triassic period , the dinosaurs still shared their habitat with a large amount of other reptiles , for instance with the ancestors of today &apos;s crocodile and pterosaurs and with numerous other saurians .
towards the end of the triassic period , the dinosaurs spread across the globe and developed many new species , while their relatives died out on the threshold from the triassic to the jurassic periods .
success story did not last for ever
there are two theories to explain this switch , says martin sander .
there may have been a case of mass dying , which the dinosaurs randomly survived but not the other reptiles .
or the dinosaurs were better adjusted , meaning that they were able to beat off the competition .
in any event , the success story did not last for ever .
150 million years later , a meteorite impact helped a group of animals , which had also developed back in the triassic period and since lived in the shadows to blossom : the mammals .
solidarity from vienna to sao paulo
the list is long and the signatories international .
professors of toronto university are on it , as are those from the university of cambridge , the university of vienna and berkeley in california .
lecturers from naples are included , from quebec , edinburgh , new york , sao paulo , berlin or bremen .
the vacation by the police of the casino of the frankfurt goethe university is having repercussions throughout the world .
278 professors and teaching assistants of the goethe university , but also of colleges from all over germany , europe and north and south america are showing their solidarity with the protesting students on the westend campus .
in a statement written in both german and english , they &quot; condemn &quot; the police action initiated by the executive committee .
university president werner müller-estler had the building seized by students and assistant professors on strike last week , because walls and objects of art had been besmirched .
five students were hurt in the action .
the material damage , the signatories argue , does not justify &quot; the forceful dissolution of self-organised courses of students and lecturers by a police commando unit &quot; .
the vacation represents &quot; an inacceptable infringement &quot; on the freedom of research and teaching .
the exclusive focus on vandalism serves &quot; to deligitimise and criminalise the protest &quot; and distracts from the matter .
the executive committee has refused to enter into the necessary discourse .
the teaching staff demand the immediate termination of the criminal prosecution .
the majority of the occupiers did not support the damage to property , read the statement .
protest legitimised
the youth ranks of the verdi union and the german association of unions are also showing their solidarity with the students .
the protest is a legitimate expression of a growing concern for their own future , says verdi state youth secretary alexander klein .
hesse &apos;s science minister eva kühne-hörmann ( cdu ) , however , supported the approach of the university president and police .
we are grateful to the university president .
destruction and occupation are absolutely inacceptable means , the said in a topical session on thursday in the wiesbaden parliament .
we have sympathy for the protest , but cannot accept vandalism , said the cdu parliament member peter beuth .
a different stance was taken by the opposition parties - the spd , greens and left party .
the cdu is taking besmirched walls as the pretext to criminalise the protest , said janine wissler ( left party ) .
instead of taking the students &apos; arguments and students seriously , they organised this vacation .
the left party has filed an application calling on the minister of internal affairs to report on the police action .
a new silicon valley
for many years , it was a secret city , inaccessible to westerners .
zelenograd , one of ten districts in the capital moscow , was a highly guarded location for secret arms research during the soviet union .
nowadays , the municipality with its 216,000 inhabitants 37 km from moscow centre is regarded as russia &apos;s silicon valley .
important research and production facilities for micro and nano technology are located here .
in september 2008 , representatives of zelenograd made contacts with the frankfurt science centre in riedberg - with the university institutes and the companies of the frankfurt innovation centre ( fiz ) .
there were several visits , and on wednesday zelenograd and riedberg finally signed a &quot; protocol for closer cooperation &quot; in frankfurt on wednesday .
the moscow deputy mayor , yuri roslyak , and prefect anatoly smirnov of zelenograd led the russian delegation and economic affairs head edwin schwarz signed on behalf of frankfurt .
in 2010 representatives of the fiz and small- and medium-sized companies focusing on research in natural science will travel to zelenograd for a seminar .
scientific exchange
the idea is to establish continuous scientific exchange .
but business relations are also being eyed .
companies of the fiz will have the option to get a foothold in the growing russian market .
in turn , russian businesses want to win orders in germany .
zelenograd is the headquarters to the most important russian research institutes and companies .
these include , for instance , the moscow institute of electrophysics , and major companies such as sitronics and rossiyskaya elektronika .
the municipality was founded in 1958 as a so-called &quot; socialist planned city &quot; for arms research .
zelenograd ( verbatim &quot; green city &quot; ) got its name from the wooded hills where the research facilities are located .
a stuttgart brake block
the impact and dimensions of stuttgart 21 cannot be overestimated .
for its supporters , the project deals no less than with the &quot; new heart of europe &quot; .
quite rightly so . s21 is far more than lowering a railway station , more than a gigantic construction project , which will plunge the city of the baden-württemberg state capital into a terrible chaos of building sites for a decade .
stuttgart 21 warn born out of the spirit of the 1980s .
terminus stations with rails ending in the middle of towns were regarded as fossils of the 19th century in terms of traffic technology , which acted like brake blocks to contemporary rail traffic , as it used to take an awful lot of time to shift engines from back to front .
pull in , stop briefly , pull out - that &apos;s the plan .
and therefore , terminus stations were supposed to disappear : as in frankfurt and munich .
and in stuttgart : a non-terminus station , which is approximately half way along the trans-european rail line between paris and budapest / bratislava - hence the slogan of the &quot; heart of europe &quot; .
s21 is actually being built now , although the vision of the 1980s has no longer been compatible with the reality for years .
even very ambitious planners have recognised that it is virtually unpayable to lower the stations in the capitals of hesse and bavaria .
terminus stations also no longer have pulling in and out problems since the development of push-pull trains with railway traction units and control cabs at either end .
and still : stuttgart 21 along with the new ice route to ulm is now being started .
state and municipal politicians have enforced it .
german rail is participating , also because the risks of the republic &apos;s biggest single infrastructure project will be borne by the taxpayer and not the state company .
as regards urban development , the development can be more or less justified .
an urban area is being created which , if the planners &apos; computer-generated graphics are to be believed , will feature a lot of green .
for the rail traffic system , s21 is damaging .
the non-terminus railway station and the line extension are designed for passenger transportation , which - typical for the 1980s - is estimated to see huge growth .
at the time , there was no competition from no-frills airlines .
contemporary traffic policy , however , should be prioritising the handling of freight transportation , as transport by rail far more environmentally friendly than by lorry on the road .
but the line to be built is not suitable for freight trains due to steep slopes .
more seriously , s21 also affects many other rail projects .
a good six billion euros are to be buried in the swabian land .
that is the official figure .
experts expect ten to fifteen billion to be more realistic .
one thing is for sure , the money will be missing at other nodes and bottlenecks in the network over the next decade .
a total of sixty major projects are on the list of the transport ministry .
one of the most important ones is to expand the some 180 km of the line through the rhine valley .
work has been continuing on the line in slow motion since 1987 .
it is urgent to really put the foot down here .
but s21 will act as a brake block .
the rhine valley line will become a bottleneck for international freight transportation : right in the heart of europe .
government reviewing verdict on airport
the state government did not decide in parliament whether it would appeal against the verdict of hesse &apos;s administrative court ( vgh ) to ban night flights .
the cdu / fdp coalition has commissioned experts to review the 400 + -page vgh verdict , said economics minister dieter posch ( fdp ) .
the vgh in kassel recently confirmed in writing that the state would have to reorganise the ban on night flights in the event of building the planned northwest runway at frankfurt airport .
according to the verdict , the granting of 17 flights between 11 pm and 5 am , as planned by the state government , is not compatible with the protection of the population from flight noise as specified by law .
the coalition must decide by 4 january whether it will appeal the verdict .
the opposition criticised this delay and called upon the government representatives to do without an appeal before the federal administrative court in leipzig .
spd party leader torsten schäfer-gümbel demanded the cdu and fdp to return to their promises to ban night flights , which they made before the election . otherwise , this would have to be rated as the &quot; breaking of a promise &quot; .
it is bloody difficult when you are allowed to keep one &apos;s word , said greens leader tarek al-wazir , alluding to the fdp election slogan &quot; we keep our word &quot; .
minister posch rejected the accusation from schäfer-gümbel that the state government was trying to achieve their night flights by &quot; skewing justice and playing tricks &quot; .
a detailed legal examination would take time .
the coalition does not want to operate on the basis of &quot; a brief first impression &quot; .
we need a legally compliant decision , said stefan müller ( fdp ) .
as presented by the opposition , his party never made any statements regarding the ban on night flights .
us banks repay state support
the crisis-hit us major banks are breaking free from their state shackles .
on wednesday bank of america repaid the support from the bank protection fund tarp in the amount usd 45 billion ( nearly eur 30 billion ) in one go .
and , according to reports from us broadcaster cnbc , citigroup is also planning to repay the state support .
the institutions thereby want to wiggle themselves free from the restrictions going hand-in-hand with the acceptance of the money , such as the limits on manager bonuses and the paying of high charges .
bank of america had raised some usd 19 billion from investors through convertible loans .
the rest of the amount was taken from its own kitty , which was well filled through the sale of business units .
bank head kenneth lewis extended his express thanks to the american taxpayer on wednesday evening : the cash injection helped over a very difficult time .
the bank overstretched at the height of the financial crisis by taking over the investment bank merrill lynch .
citigroup also plans to raise cash on the capital market to free itself from its liabilities with the state .
already on thursday , the us bank was able to announce a capital increase of some usd 20 billion , reported cnbc with reference to circles .
a citigroup spokesman declined to comment .
goldman sachs , jp morgan chase and morgan stanley had already repaid their support in june .
a quick choice
it all happened a lot faster than expected .
barely two weeks after the zdf board of directors had pushed the acting editor-in-chief nikolaus brender out of office , the broadcaster is able to present his successor .
yesterday evening , the committee wanted to vote on the appointment .
the favourite was peter frey , head of zdf &apos;s main studio in berlin .
but zdf did not confirm this - officially , not to anticipate the process .
however , the plan not to further damage zdf director markus schächter , if this suggestion were also not successful with the board of directors , will also have played its part .
frey , schächter &apos;s candidate , needs the support of nine of the 14 committee members .
the result of the vote was not known when going to press .
two weeks ago schächter had been unsuccessful at the board of directors with his suggestion to extend the agreement with nikolaus brender by another five years .
only seven members voted for brender , seven were against him . brender &apos;s voting out was a severe blow to schächter , albeit one to be expected .
because the majority of the union in the administrative board had signaled already weeks before the vote that they would not confirm brender in office .
roland koch , the prime minister of hesse , had organised the opposition to the editor-in-chief .
with the argument that zdf &apos;s news broadcasts had lost viewers under brender , he rejected a further term in office of the highly regarded editor-in-chief .
until shortly before the election , there were therefore protests in which the exercising of political influence on the zdf was castigated .
most recently , 35 civil rights campaigners had even joined the debate and rated the actions of koch to be in breach of the constitution .
to no avail .
personal details
peter frey was born on 4 august 1957 in bingen .
he studied political and educational sciences and romance studies .
he later worked for the südwestfunk and the frankfurter rundschau .
in 1983 frey moved to the zdf , initially to the heute-journal .
subsequent activities : from 1988 to 1990 personal officer of the editor-in-chief ; in 1991 / 92 correspondent in washington ; until 1998 head and presenter of the morgenmagazin ; until 2001 head of zdf foreign affairs ; then head of the zdf head studio .
the greens announced after the voting out of brender , who was voted journalist of the year by the sector paper medium magazin only on wednesday , to press constitutional charges .
koch &apos;s opponent on the board of directors , the rhineland-palatine prime minister kurt beck , explained last week that the states should amend the zdf treaty to the extend that staff suggestions of the director cannot be blocked by a politically motivated majority .
however , beck too ruled out any removal of party politicians from the boards of directors of the zdf .
brender &apos;s expected successor , peter frey , had recommended himself to the board of directors with a clever move - by harshly criticising the committee immediately after it voted out brender .
thanks to this proof of editorial independence , both schächter without losing face and the board of directors were able to vote for his appointment as editor-in-chief , without being suspected of promoting a partisan to this post .
in party calculations , frey is reckoned to be a left-leaning liberal anyway .
university courses to be cleared out
partial success for students : after a year of educational strikes , the culture ministers of the states finally came around on thursday : at a meeting of the culture minister and university principals conference , both parties agreed to improve the conditions of studying for bachelor and masters courses .
the students should , in the future , be in a position to master their studies .
in particular , they agreed to reduce the number of exams : every module shall , as a rule , be completed with one single exam .
in addition , the students &apos; workload shall be reviewed and &quot; a realistic and acceptable extent &quot; ensured .
politicians and colleges also want to simplify the recognition of exams taken between the colleges inside and outside germany .
the states undertake to organise more flexibly joint structural requirements for bachelor and masters courses .
state regulations deviating from this , shall not be imposed .
less exams
since the start of the student protests in june , culture ministers and university principals have been referring to the dictum of better studiability .
now it is being filled with specific contents for the first time .
the so-called accreditation council has decided to , in part , dramatically reduce the number of exams : &quot; every module ends , as a rule , with an exam , &quot; states the 30-page paper , which is to newly govern the admission of courses in part .
with the &quot; clear reduction of the examination load &quot; , explains accreditation council chairman reinhold grimm , &quot; an undesirable development is to be stopped , which had a grave impact on studiability &quot; .
in addition , &quot; studiability &quot; is to be the core criterion for the organisation in the future .
modules and contents &quot; shall be strictly reviewed &quot; as to whether &quot; unnecessary constrictions on the students in their choice of
events &quot; would be avoided .
the students are &quot; entitled to be granted leeway allowing and promoting initiative &quot; .
the rules are to apply for the admission of new but also for the review of existing courses .
they need to be &quot; reaccredited &quot; every five years , which , however , means that it may take until 2015 until all courses have been reviewed .
ten accreditation agencies throughout germany oversee this , which report to the accreditation council set up by the states .
the culture ministers had &quot; expressly &quot; urged the states in october to influence the agencies in such a way that the number of subjects is not too large and the exams regime not too strict .
in some federal states , universities and colleges have already agreed on corresponding measures with the state ministries .
rhineland-palatine has promised additional funds for the further development of the bologna process ; so far , it is the only state to do so .
with this money , the colleges are , in particular , to set up tutor programmes and course consultations as well as strengthen exams and foreign offices .
the state and colleges plan to earmark 10 million euros for this .
in early 2010 the government wants to bring an amendment to the universities act before parliament .
according to it , only one exam should be necessary to complete a course model .
the course design is to become more flexible , while the recognition of past academic records at other universities is to become easier along with access to masters courses .
by the end of the coming year , all courses of the state are to be examined for their studiability .
the government and opposition had again argued over the study requirements in the state on thursday .
on top of praise , there was also criticism for the decisions .
the federal board of the young socialist university groups demanded the design of education policy should no longer take place &quot; behind the closed doors &quot; of ministers and university principals .
after the educational strike , at the latest , students should now also &quot; have their say &quot; as those affected .
the future academics received support from the president of the conference of university principals ( hrk ) , margret wintermantel : &quot; we need the experiences of the students , &quot; she said on thursday at a meeting with the culture ministers , with whom the hrk was debating a joint reform paper .
the education and science union ( gew ) deemed the bonn decisions to be not radical enough : it is demanding a legal claim , which would allow every graduate with a bachelor degree admission on a further masters course .
on the other hand , the states must ensure that for the current generation of bachelor students there are sufficient places on master courses with best-possible studying conditions , says gew executive board member andreas keller .
the states must employ significantly more lecturers .
the culture ministers did , however , not issue a statement regarding free admission to masters courses .
more than a footnote to herta müller
going in and out of germany is nice , virtually no checks ... &quot; is the first line of a poem by the poet werner söllner , in which he describes in disturbing fragments a dissident &apos;s experience of arrival , who had gained freedom but simultaneously lost his language area .
werner söllner , born in romania &apos;s banat in 1951 , initially worked as a german and english teacher in bucharest and later as an editor in a children &apos;s publishing house , before he moved to frankfurt am main in 1982 .
söllner has won several literature awards , in 1993 he was awarded the legendary frankfurt poetry readings at the goethe university , and since 2002 he has been head of the hesse literature forum in the mouson tower in frankfurt .
he caused a major extra-literary stir last tuesday during a conference in munich , debating &quot; german literature in romania in the reflection and distortion of its securitate files &quot; .
clearly unsettled and embarrassed , söllner read out a statement , in which he admitted before romano-german writer colleagues , i.e. richard wagner , william totok , franz hodjak and helmuth frauendorfer , his participation as an im for the romanian secret service , securitate .
jointly with some of those present , söllner 1989 had received the german language award in 1989 .
the recruitment attempts started gradually , first in 1971 .
i am , söllner concluded , &quot; therefore someone , who did not put up enough resistance to the intimidation attempts of the securitate . &quot;
the lyricist werner söllner is im walter .
virtually at the same time as the awarding of the nobel prize for herta müller and her unmatched literary discussion of the mechanisms of dictatorships , the literary scene and , in particular , the community of german authors with romanian roots is being shocked by a case which reveals the dark spots and perfidy of a political system based on control and spying .
werner söllner is , inasmuch as can be said on the basis of the current knowledge , not only a perpetrator , but also a victim .
in his securitate file , im walter played a part , said after söllner &apos;s confession the literary scholar michael markel and referred to the positive influence im walter had for him .
he &quot; boxed him out &quot; in all points which were dangerous for him at the time , said markel .
he has a moral need to make this statement .
söllner &apos;s statement was in this form unexpected before this audience , although the confession of a former dissident and his collaboration with the romanian secret service is not entirely surprising .
germany was a cosy habitat for the security spies , as herta müller had already written in july in the zeit newspaper after reading her own file , 914 pages .
those affected , one can assume , will have guessed and in some cases even known whose real name was behind the code names of sorin , voicu and , of course , walter .
contrary to the now very secure process of viewing stasi files in germany , the approach to the legacy of securitate control is still very diffuse .
a systematic clarification has been undermined and hindered in recent years .
a national council to process securitate files ( snsas ) , which is comparable to the birthler authority , was only set up in 1999 , but the release of the files has been very slow .
a law regulating the administration of the files has only existed since 2005 .
the fact that the influence of former securitate members is still very big in romania was proven after the announcement of the nobel prize for herta müller by an interview , in which a former securitate head from timisoara spoke in derogatory terms of the prize winner .
they is psychotic , she was , after all , questioned more than once .
the infamy of power believed it could openly speak in the guise of freedom of speech .
the söllner case does , as so often in connection with silent guilt , raise questions .
why only now ? who fell victim ? the level-headed reaction of the audience to söllner &apos;s statement gives rise to the hope that a continuation of this chapter will be determined by the need for information than finger-pointing and shame .
regarding the genesis of herta müller &apos;s oeuvre , who yesterday received the nobel prize , it is more than a footnote .
the champions league - a side dish
it seemed as if a well-dressed field sales representative was just coming from a very nice christmas party , where a sports items manufacturer had handed out goodies , when the new vfb coach christian gross in the company of an orange plastic bag from the supplier got in a called out mercedes c class at a quarter past midnight . ¨
the man with the striking bald head was still needing a chauffeur , as the town was still unknown to him .
otherwise he could have driven himself - after all , no alcohol was involved and the 55-year-old was not drunk .
a nice evening , but tomorrow the work would continue .
or only just get going .
in the words of the swiss national , who had only just been employed three days before : &quot; we may have reached the last sixteen , &quot; i.e. in the champions league thanks to a 3 : 1 win over unirea urziceni from romania , &quot; but we mustn &apos;t be blinded by the success : we are in for a brutal fight against relegation . &quot;
the &quot; far more important task &quot; is scheduled for sunday .
the champions league performance will have to be repeated in the day-to-day job of the league .
and the again revealed weaknesses after the three quick goals by marica ( 5 . ) , träsch ( 8 . ) and pogrebnyak ( 11 . ) will have to be stopped .
draw
the last sixteen of the champions league ( first leg 16 / 17 + 23 / 24 february / second leg 9 / 10 + 16 / 17 march ) will be drawn in nyon on 18 december .
the joy over the excellent start of the babbel successor therefore remained mute .
not only with the apparent saviour , who had given the unsettled stuttgart professionals self-confidence , commitment and joy in playing in a short period of time .
&quot; i addressed the players and told them that they must consider their strengths , and urged them to be more courageous , &quot; explained shrink gross his so simple-sounding recipe for success , which no longer had any effect under therapist babbel .
he set a certain magic alight , admitted babbel fan lehmann , &quot; when now impulses are given in football , things happen which are considered to be impossible &quot; .
and sami khedira , who became the man of the match thanks to his dynamic approach having been injured for weeks , tried to describe the &quot; phenomenon &quot; with the proverbial &quot; breath of fresh air &quot; and the work approach of the new boss : &quot; he is a man who takes drastic measures and demands discipline .
that is what we need in the current situation . &quot;
under babel this was clearly lacking .
vfb stuttgart is still not out of the woods , warns sports director horst heldt
but vfb stuttgart needs , more than anything , consistency .
like gross , players and managers were eager not to overestimate the win over the depleted and hopelessly overburdened defence of the romanian guests .
they had also won in glasgow before the horribly awakening three days later in leverkusen in the 0 : 4 , warned khedira .
and sports director horst heldt pointed out that one aim of the season had been achieved , but that the other one was still a long way off .
we are not out of the woods yet .
the fact that heldt was not in any mood to celebrate on his 40th birthday and even on the first home win for three months , had to do with the events of the weekend , which were revived in the form of a tv interview with goalkeeper jens lehmann , which was screened immediately before the match .
there are decisions which other people take and not jens , was heldt &apos;s response to lehmann &apos;s harsh criticism .
he had accused the directors of a lack of leadership , who had decided to replace the manager under pressure from pubescent fans .
the fact that his day off after matches had been cancelled , was also rated by lehmann as a sign of a lack of authority and resentment .
lehmann &apos;s statements were &quot; guided by pure egoism &quot; , replied heldt and announced consequences for the keeper .
it is unlikely they will become friends for life .
but , after all , they agreed with everybody else that without the work done by the replaced team of coaches , the strong performance , both in terms of play and spirit , would not have been possible .
babel and seine assistants had &quot; a great share in the success &quot; , said heldt and lehmann unanimously - and the man with the plastic bag also agreed .
worldcup heavyweight box match
heated duel in berne : challenger kevin johnson kept provoking world champion vitali klitchko with words and gestures .
but after twelve hard rounds , the ukrainian defended his heavyweight title according to the wbc .
the verdict of the judges was unanimous .
hamburg - vitali klitchko remains heavyweight boxing world champion .
on saturday night in berne the 38-year-old champion ( the wbc association version , ) beat the american kevin johnson unanimously by points ( 120 : 108 , 120 : 108 , 119 : 109 ) .
for klitchko this was his third successful defence of his title since his comeback in october 2008 .
before , the ukrainian had already twice been world champion of the wbo and wbc associations .
unfortunately , the knock-out , which everybody had expected , did not materialise .
klitchko extended his record to 39 wins in 41 professional matches , twice he had to give in due to injury .
challenger johnson saw his first defeat in 24 fights .
in front of some 17,000 spectators in the berne arena , the 2.02-metre tall klitchko aimed to dictate the match predominantly with his left hitting hand .
but the eleven centimetres shorter johnson , how had announced the end of the klitchko era before the fight , kept evading the hits from the world champion , meaning that klitchko was not able to apply a decisive blow with his dangerous right hand .
overall , the passive johnson did not do enough for a challenger and simply tried to survive the rounds .
although he provoked klitchko with words and gestures , his blows only rarely hit the world champion .
nevertheless , he is only the second boxed since timo hoffmann in 2000 who fight the full twelve rounds against klitchko .
the challenger had caused quite a stir in the swiss capital before the fight .
he insulted klitchko as &quot; an ugly zombie &quot; , who &quot; cannot do anything at all &quot; .
during weighing , the champion then allowed himself to be provoked to knock johnson &apos;s sunglasses of his nose &quot; to be able to see into his eyes . &quot;
fourth victory after klitchko &apos;s return
klitchko came out on top in his fourth fight since his comeback on 11 october 2008 .
after a sabbatical nearly four years , he beat the nigerian samuel peter in berlin and regained &quot; his &quot; wbc belt , which he had been forced to hand over before without a fight .
this year he then beat in the defence of his title the cuban juan carlos gomez from and chris arreola from the us in september .
i only took one blow in this fight , and am physically in very good shape , klitchko said after the quick return to the ring .
his dream , however , remains the unification of all important titles in his family .
brother vladimir is world champion of the wbo and ibf associations .
but the wba belt is worn by britan david haye after he dethroned the 2.13-metre tall nikolay valuev in november .
haye had previously cancelled in the summer a fight planned to take place in september against vitali klitchko .
apparently , his promotion company is now already planning a fight against klitchko at london &apos;s wembley stadium .
the kunduz case
frontal attack from the opposition : green party head jürgen trittin calls defence minister guttenberg a liar for providing false information on the kunduz affair .
spd and left party demanding a clarification from the chancellor .
hamburg / berlin - after the recent revelations regarding the air raid of kunduz , the opposition has accused defence minister karl-theodor zu guttenberg ( csu ) of deliberate deception .
the minister apparently made &quot; knowingly false statements &quot; regarding the fatal bombing of two tank trailers in september , said green party head jürgen trittin on saturday in the ard news programme tagesschau .
this is generally referred to as lying .
the order to kill was given in defiance of the rules of the international security assistance force ( isaf ) for afghanistan .
that is the substance of the report , which nato had , which mr. guttenberg has read , said trittin .
on friday it was revealed that the attack was not only about destroying the abducted tankers , but also to specifically kill two taleban leaders .
the us air strike ordered by the german kunduz commander colonel klein , up to 142 people were killed of injured , according to the nato inquiry report .
the greens , spd and left party linke called on chancellor angela merkel ( cdu ) on saturday to address parliament immediately and to clarify what guttenberg really knew about the event .
merkel must clarify whether a strategy of targeted killing is part of the federal government &apos;s afghanistan policy , and whether the chancellor &apos;s office , german army and intelligence service have approved this new strategy , demanded jürgen trittin and his greens colleague renate künast .
government spokesman ulrich wilhelm rejected the criticism resolutely .
the chancellor &apos;s office did not take any influence on specific missions of the german army in afghanistan , he said .
on saturday , doubts over the presentation by the ministry of the background of the dismissal of inspector general wolfgang schneiderhan and state secretary peter wichert emerged .
according to information available to spiegel , the two provided guttenberg with correct and complete information on the background of the tanker trailer attack .
officially , it was said that they had lied about the existence of the nato reports and kept sensitive details from the minister .
from the entourage of the top official , however , it was said that the defence ministry had even been directed to several reports , including a two-page documents of the commanding colonel klein and a report from the military police .
in the meantime , wichert is supposed to have asked for clarification in a letter , reports the frankfurter allgemeine sonntagszeitung .
he has not received a response , it is claimed .
the ministry did not comment on the accusations on saturday and referred to the fact that this would be clarified by the inquiry committee of parliament , which would be set up next wednesday .
dream worlds
some see images and hear voices when they are awake which others do not hear or see .
not only in the mentally sick and during intoxication with drugs do the borders between imagination and reality become blurred .
as long as this happens in sleep , things are fine .
when we are in dark rooms with our eyes closed , we can surrender to the wildest imaginations and fantasies without restraint .
but anybody experiencing dream-like conditions or seeing and hearing things other people do not when they are awake , is regarded in contemporary western society as a madman or drug addict , or strange at the very least .
but such images and voices are formed not only in the mentally sick or during drug intoxication .
this is down to our imagination : the same neural processes which allow us to design houses , draw paintings or write novels can make the borders between dream , madness and reality become blurred .
conscious conditions which are warped like dreams can occur in the most different forms , in the best case we call them visions , in the worst case madness .
even if their triggers and effects may differ , the visions of mystic hildegard von bingen , the drug experiences of new age prophet carlos castaneda , shaman detachment from reality conditions , psychoses and hallucinations can be traced back to similar processes .
hallucination or delusions occur when the balance of the neural transmitters of the brain - predominantly dopamine noradrenaline , serotonin and acetylcholine - derails and the interaction of different brain segments is dysfunctional .
complex hallucinations and delusional thoughts often occur during schizophrenic psychoses .
gravity no longer has any power over him
the connection between madness and dream has occupied philosophers and doctors since ancient times .
aristotle understood hallucinations to be a form of dream while awake , wilhelm griesinger , a founder of modern psychiatry , detected in 1861 a &quot; huge similarity of madness and dreamlike conditions &quot; , for sigmund freud dreams were even &quot; a psychosis , with all puzzles , delusions and misperceptions of such &quot; .
it is autumn 2001 when henning t. turns into a comic figure .
his body is two-dimensional and excessively gaudy .
gravity no longer has any power over him , he floats at the ceiling of the room .
he feels a kick .
behind him are winged devilish figures with red , distorted faces , snarling .
they hunt him , kick him with heavy , flaming boots , throw him against walls , he feels the pain all over his body .
loud , evil voices emerge from the walls and radio .
he can no longer stand them , the voices that abuse and insult him .
henning t. pulls two cables out of the stereo system , ties them to a knot and attaches it to a hook on the ceiling .
he climbs on a speaker and puts the noose around his neck .
he jumps .
the noose becomes loose .
let that be a lesson to you , the voices scream in an eardrum-tearing choir , &quot; go to the clinic and get treated ! &quot;
today , henning t. is 40 years old , he has had six acute psychoses , the last one is two years back , the first nearly 20 years ago .
it was caused by lsd .
his diagnosis is a schizoaffective-paranoid psychosis , he is also a manic-depressive , he takes drugs against depression , the mania and schizophrenia .
he has learned to live with his illness , he has been married for three years .
in psychosis i experienced the worst fear and deepest desperation , he says .
the illusions are a brutal reality
about 1 per cent of the population suffers at least once in their lifetime from schizophrenia ; in psychiatric clinics , it is treated with a frequency only second to depression .
in an acute schizophrenic psychosis , people affected can no longer distinguish between internal and external world , they reach an overexcited condition which can result in hallucinations , megalomania , paranoia or persecution mania .
particularly common is the hearing of voices - voices which command , comment or involve in dialogue .
visual hallucinations are also not rare .
the affected person can no longer distinguish important things from unimportant things , the brain can no longer filter out disturbing signals , the conscious is flooded by impressions .
like dreams , a psychosis also opens the floodgates on a flood of ideas and phantasies , which stem from the deeper levels of the conscious .
the perception of reality in a psychosis is subject-centred , says professor thomas fuchs , senior physician at the clinic for general psychiatry at the university clinic of heidelberg .
schizophrenic patients are at the heart of the events , the meaning of everything is directed to him .
at the same time , he finds himself in a passive role , he is , like in a dream , overwhelmed by the events can cannot affect them actively .
schizophrenic patients therefore often feel threatened , controlled and manipulated .
a reality comparison is often not available to them , the illusions are a brutal reality , waking up is not possible .
to experience a hallucination once in your life
contrary to dreams , says fuchs , &quot; the sensual and spatial structure of reality , as perceived during a psychosis , remains intact as a rule &quot; .
the delusional thoughts and hallucinations are based in reality , the distortion of the events takes place within a framework of reality .
precisely why our brain plays such tricks on us , is still puzzling to scientists .
extraordinary conditions can cause any person to lose his sense of reality for a short period of time , says fuchs .
but not everybody will develop a psychosis .
there seems to be a genetic tendency to schizophrenia , but studies of twins have shown that genes are not the sole factor .
scientists assume that patients have minimal brain damage .
we think that the neuronal maturing of the brain is disturbed in an early stage of development , through a virus infection in the mother during pregnancy , for instance , explains fuchs .
but it remains a mystery how disturbances to the neuronal system comes about which also do not become manifest for many years initially .
environmental impacts also play a part - stress or traumatic experiences can trigger psychoses if the disposition is given .
hallucinogen drugs can trigger psychoses , as they interfere with the transmitter system .
when our brain runs hot
the mad thing is that psychotics suffer from their hallucinations and take expensive medication to get rid of them , others spend money on drugs to get the same , says lübeck-based psychology professor erich kasten .
whether these illusions are perceived to be pleasant or unpleasant is often only a matter of perspective .
kasten has been collecting reports for ten years on hallucinations and delusions ; last year he assessed his results in a book titled the unreal world in our head .
hallucinations are a typical by-product of psychoses , but also of a remarkably large amount of other diseases .
these include , on top of mental illnesses such as borderline or depression , also often diseases such as migraine , epilepsy , multiple sclerosis or alzheimer &apos;s disease and traumatic brain injuries .
surprisingly , even the brain of healthy people hallucinates under certain conditions .
hallucinations , says kasten , consist of memory fragments , which are often held back .
they occur when areas of the brain , where sensory perceptions are processed , are overactive or not sufficiently restrained ; when our brain runs hot and also when there is a lack of stimulation .
drugs can trigger this condition as much as brain damage or a psychosis .
but sensory deprivation , stress , lovesickness or other mental exceptional conditions too .
in more recent studies , up to one third of respondents claimed to have experienced a hallucination at least once in their lives .
in summer 2005 sarah k. is 16 years old , she is living in a small town in mecklenburg-vorpommern and goes to the local secondary school .
indeed , a perfectly normal girl .
it it were not for the images and voices .
during breaks , it can happen that a lanky boy with long dark hair approaches her .
when she answers him , her schoolmates look at her in surprise - nobody else sees or hears this boy .
they think the girls is a nutty daydreamer , but sarah k. is not dreaming , she knows that much .
she is awake , she sees and hears this boy , just like she sees and hears the girl at the desk next to her .
she can even feel his presence , at least for some moments .
a pleasant feeling it is , she likes the boy .
am i mad ? she sometimes asks .
but she knows that this boy and the other illusions are not real and disappear again .
at night the appearances are usually frightening
the illusions are often a strain .
when she is sitting in the classroom , she sometimes cannot follow because the teacher is to her eyes and ears just introducing a new schoolmate , while she is explaining mathematical equations on the blackboard for everyone else .
at night the appearances are usually frightening .
when she is waiting for sleep in her dark room , which comes far too rarely and late , she often cannot distinguish whether she is awake or already dreaming , whether the images she sees , the grimaces or the girl with the bleeding cuts on her arms and legs is standing in front of her open or closed eyes .
let me be , she screams at the figures .
she does not tell her parents or friends anything about this , they would think she was mad .
autumn 2009 . sarah k. is 20 years old now .
she passed her a levels last year and is now living with her boyfriend .
a year ago the hallucinations stopped .
since she contacted psychologist kasten via the internet , she knows exactly that she is not mad .
madness is also work of art born out of desperation
if someone is socially isolated or suffers from sensory deprivation , he will very probably suffer from hallucinations after some time , says kasten .
i assume that the brain is not busy enough and creates its own entertainment .
sarah k. , a single child , was afraid of other children when she was small ; she often played alone .
her hallucinations started when she learned at the age of 13 that the man she called dad since she could think was not her natural father .
as during visual and acoustic hallucinations those areas of the brain become active which also process real impressions and sounds , it is often difficult for patients like sarah k. to distinguish between illusions and reality . &quot; every experience , &quot; says kasten , &quot; takes place in the brain , reality is reproduced there .
hallucinations are also images , which the brain creates , this is why they seem so real . &quot;
illusions at night are also classified by kasten as a form of hallucination .
the hallucinations of the healthy are not fundamentally different from those during an acute psychosis .
contrary to schizophrene patients , mentally healthy people are able to identify illusions as unreal .
kasten therefore advises his patients to appreciate hallucinations as a special ability .
border between dream and hallucination
in our far too conscious-centred world , imaginary experiencing is often unfortunately pathologised , says michael schmidt-degenhard , professor in heidelberg and senior physician of the clinic for psychiatry and psychotherapy of the florence nightingale hospital in düsseldorf .
a psychosis is a severe , painful illness , but it also brings positive aspects , creativity - madness is also a work of art born out of desperation .
schmidt-degenhard has researched the so-called oneiroid experience , a particular form of conscious conditions which are warped like dreams .
oneiroids are highly complex , detailed quasi dreams , which the person experiencing them believes are real and which he later cannot distinguish from being awake .
the oneiroid condition occurs in trauma- or sickness-related extreme situations , for instance in polyradiculitis patients , who experience a motor paralysis in full consciousness .
if a person is threatened by self- or world loss , for instance due to persistent , complete loss of mobility , he replaces the life-threatening real situation with an own , imaginary world , which is uncoupled from reality , says schmidt-degenhard .
a kind of border between dream and hallucination
as the mastering of a situation is not possible in reality , a change of world takes place , but the real situation is not updated in the imagination .
an intense form of creating and applying meaning in an unbearable situation , which allows us people our own ability to design and not go under in the emptiness of a loss of consciousness .
everything is real , even later in the memory
the zurich-based art historian peter cornelius claussen also describes his oneiroid experiences in his book a change of heart as the sole &apos;s attempt to safe itself .
he is 49 years old when his consciousness takes off on journeys for days after heart valve surgery with subsequent heart transplantation while his body is damned to immobility in the intensive care unit .
claussen delves into a world of his creation , visits foreign places and times : he experiences himself as a bedridden , old man , on board a train sanatorium , a robot watching over his health .
he lives in the early middle ages amongst noblemen who make intoxicants from blood .
he is abducted by a greek man on his motorbike to his homeland , surfs with his hospital bed in the spring snow of the alps and meets a korean member of the mafia .
he is fully taken up with the imaginary events ; everything is real , even later in his memory .
these inner trips , claussen believes , are fundamentally different from every dream .
dream is a different condition , he describes his experience .
contrary to that , the memories from mental trips are overtly clear to me even after years and in minute detail .
even clearer and more intense that real events .
the intensity of this experience breaks the horizon of our day-to-day experiences , says psychiatrist schmidt-degenhard .
ultimately , oneiroids , psychoses , hallucinations and drug intoxication show how fragile our images of the external reality are , even when awake .
every change to the conscious , summarises psychologist kasten , &quot; can result in a warping of what we call reality &quot; .
an experience which can indeed be enriching .
the snow can come
burda
children set to take over the publishing house at the age of 27
kallen , the new head of the publishing house , is an interim solution : in the long term , hubert burda wants his company to be taken over by his two children , he has told the spiegel magazine .
the holding is to remain to 100 % in the family .
hamburg - the publisher hubert burda sees the long-term future of his company in his children &apos;s hands .
both children will inherit at the age of 27 and are strongly intent on joining the company , the 69-year-old has told the spiegel magazine .
the details have already been organised as a precaution .
the question whether they will be active in the company will only arise later .
also the question whether they are able to do so .
one cannot put one &apos;s children in charge of 7,500 employees if they are not capable of this .
that will kill the children , and the company with them .
on thursday , burda announced that he would be resigning from his post as chairman as of january and appointed paul-bernhard kallen as his successor .
52-year-old kallen has been a member of the board at burda since 1999 .
he was initially responsible for technology .
later , with the treasury department , he assumed responsibility for the company assets , and after jürgen todenhöfer &apos;s departure , also for direct marketing , foreign operations , print and finances .
for the first time , a person who is not a family member is thus at the helm of the publishing house .
burda &apos;s children are 19 and 17 ; his son felix , who would be 42 today , died a couple of years ago .
the appointment of kallen is designed to &quot; bridge 10 , 15 years &quot; , says burda .
the holding is to remain to 100 per cent in family ownership , said burda .
in light of the cases of schickedanz and schaeffler , burda stated that family-owned companies are not safe from going under either : &quot; that always affected families who were infected with a capital addiction , who speculated wrongly and through they could advance to become a really big player .
that never was my strategy .
he never had &quot; dreams of world power &quot; , says burda .
i do not see myself as a political preceptor of the country , as springer was , and i do not want to participate in the world league with time magazine , these companies have become too big .
comprehensive beauty
everything you could want in terms of beauty and comfort -at your fingertips .
this is what el corte inglés , which has just opened a multidisciplinary space of more than 1,000m2 dedicated to bodycare and pampering in the callao ( madrid ) shopping center , seems to be aiming for .
the spa , located on the eighth floor , houses prestigious firms like hedonai , offering laser hair removal ; spaxión , with relaxation and rooms for beauty treatment ; hairdressers luis &amp; tachi ; marina d &apos;or , which has a gym ; and l &apos;occitane and their natural cosemtics , among others .
there is also a food section , which features a teashop with more than 130 different kinds of tea .
enjoying a relaxing masage with your partner while you look out over the unbeatable views of the capital , or renting out the relax area for 2 hours to throw your own &apos; beauty party &apos; with eight of your friends and relaxing with a jacuzzi session , massages , and drinking a glass of champagne are just some of the possibilities spaxión offers .
a total of 250 m2 are distributed amongst 12 rooms to carry out the latest and most innovative facial , body and hydrotherapy treatments .
such as , for example , cavitation to combat cellulite , or vibration platforms .
the gym has these machines , in addition to virtual trainers which guide the steps of the clients , offering them a totally personalized treatment .
everything starts by entering your personal key on the touch screen situated in front of the machine .
then , various videos show us how to properly perform our workout plan .
its director guarantees that 15 minutes ( including warm up and stretching ) are enough to exercise all of the muscles in the body .
and , if after our workout we want to drop by the hairdresser &apos;s , luis &amp; tachi provides a salon where they offer personal hair services to restore its brilliance and nutrition .
innovation and exclusivity seem to be the premise of this urban spa , which will be open every day of the year , from 10 : 00 in the morning to 10 : 00 at night .
varied necklines
christmas is approaching , and it never hurts to revisit the looks of the stars to suit our holiday wardrobe .
the neckline , very important for enhancing the silhoutte , is one of the facts we should take into account .
here are a few suggestions .
the singer fergie chose an exaggerated and very complicated neck line.this is not recommended .
endesa and barcelona with the electric car
the electric company endesa , together with barcelona city council , has created &apos; office live . &apos; 
this is a project to develop and promote the electric car in the catalan capital .
office live &apos; ( logistics for the implementation of the electric vehicle ) will define and coordinate the roadmap for the implementation of the electric car in the city , and will define the conditions for mobility , management , coordination , present subsidies , etc .
moreover , movele will develop the project , promote the electric car , review public opinion and work from the sectors involved .
in short , it hopes to promote what will be the transportation of the future .
3 &apos; electric cities&apos;
but barcelona is not the only city that is going to be involved in the implementation of the electric car in spain .
madrid and seville are joining the project .
they are the three cities chosen by the government to promote the implementation of the electric vehicle within the movele plan .
the electric company endesa has already signed a framework agreement with the generalitat of catalonia .
with that , it hopes to promote the activities of the research and technological development in the autonomous community of catalonia .
these include activities linked to energy and , in particular , energy efficiency .
it is not the only initiative endesa is involved in regarding the promotion of the electric vehicle .
the company participates in standardization groups at the european level and has a series of active complementary projects , such as g4v , elvire and cenit verde .
zapatero sees &apos; a horizon of peace &apos; for the automotive sector .
the prime minister , jose luis rodriguez zapatero , catches a glimpse of &apos; a horizon of peace &apos; for the spanish automotive industry , which , he pointed out , is the principal export sector in the country .
in the prime minister &apos;s presentation of the economic report for 2009 , zapatero reviewed the measures the government had launched throughout the fiscal year to support the automotive sector .
&quot; without the automotive competitiveness plan , today we would have a panorama of neglect and the closure of some of our major production plants , &quot; the prime minister explained .
&quot; through this plan and the arrangement of the brands to continue in this highly competitive sector in spain , we can have a horizon of peace for the future of this industry , which is our principal export sector , &quot; he added .
in this regard , he recalled that thecompetitiveness plan , included in the comprehensive plan of the automobile industry ( pia ) , allocated 800 million to projects of 19 manufacturers and 137 auxiliary companies , which mobilized an investment of more than 3 billion euros .
the head of the executive branch explained that this investment was committed as much to the development of new models as it was to upgrading already existing products and processes .
zapatero also stressed the government &apos;s measures to support the demand , alluding to plan 2000e , implemented in collaboration with the autonomous communities and automotive brand .
according to the prime minister , this plan has reduced emissions by 6 % in new vehicles sold on the spanish market and has brought about a &quot; sharp increase &quot; in enrollment , which rose by &quot; 40 percent &quot; in november ..
20,000 square meters of classic vehicles .
the first year of the international classic car showroom will be celebrated in madrid , a meeting place for professionals and amateurs of the motor world .
this initiative will take place from the 5th to the 7th of february , 2010 in the glass pavilion of the casa de campo in madrid .
this is a 20,000 square meter exhibition area , and more than 200 national and international exhibitors will be there .
not only will you find classic motorcycles and cars at classicauto madrid , there will also be all kinds of products related to the motor world .
so you will find the exhibitors at the pavilion displaying accessories , parts , components , textile accessories , complements , publications , miniatures , etc .
hundreds of items related to the world of classic motors will delight collectors and the curious .
participating companies will include clásicos de mos and good old times , automobile sales ; juan lumbreras , restoration ; coupe-francisco pueche , automobile sales and restoration , and cocher clásicos , mercedes benz specialists .
outdoor tests of skill .
the business of this showroom will also feature parallel activities : rallies , sports exhibitions , tests of skill , presentations and competitions .
tests of skill in classic cars and motorcycles will also take place on an authorized track outside the exhibition site .
mazda3 i-stop : sustainable sportsmanship
mazda wants to show that sportsmanship is not incompatible with the environment .
therefore , mazda3 has just added an engine stopping and starting system - dubbed as the i-stop - , a mechanism which is , for the moment at least , only available with the 150-horse power 2.0 petrol engine .
this second generation of the mazda3 stands out for its overall high ratings .
the finishes , features , comfort , performance , mechanics , the i-stop system …
all of these aspects are outstanding in the new mazda3 .
starting with the driver &apos;s seat , we see that the front seats offer excellent ergonomics and support .
the feel of the steering wheel is also exquisite .
moving on to thecombination of the dashboard and console , we see how mazda has continued the japanese tendency to create a futuristic interior design with a great deal of buttons , knobs and striking red and blue colors .
this style reminds us , in part , of the honda civic .
so , we can say that the mazda3 and the civic , both japanese , contrast with the sobriety of the german products , more specifically , the volkswagen golf , which everyone wants to beat .
continuing with the interior , this japanese compact is easily roomy enough for four adults to travel in great comfort .
all of this comes with a spacious trunk and standard dimensions .
the engine &apos;s automatic stopping and starting system , at least for now , is only available with the two-liter , 150-horse-power , manual , six-gear , petrol engine .
this engine is a real delight.what makes it outstanding are its subtlety , reduced noise levels , features and fuel consumption .
and even though the diesel versions of the madzda3 will be in higher demand , those who don &apos;t do too much mileage a year should not dismiss this i-stop petrol engine system , both for its elevated driving comfort and its fuel consumption .
as regards the level of the equipment , the version chosen for the test is called the sportive , meaningit incorporates a high number of standard elements .
the standard equipment is excellent , especially the lane changing assistant ( rvm ) which eliminates the blind spot , the traction and stability controls , the speed control , the interior photosensitive mirror , the large-screen onboard computer , the parking sensors , independent climate control , rain and lights sensor , bluetooth and bluetooth audio , and 17 &quot; alloy wheels .
additionally , with less equipment , this version comes with the premium pack , which , for 1,500 euros , also features : bi-xenon adaptive headlights and a bose sound system with cd changer , among other things .
conclusion
the mazda3 2.0 i-stop is one of the best compacts in its category .
it is particularly outstanding in terms of the quality of the materials used , its performance , and the high standard of its equipment .
additionally , those who do less yearly mileage can opt for this version of the i-stop , associated only with the 150-horse-power 2.0 engine .
the only drawback of this model is its high price , which ranges from 21,770 euros for the luxury pack to 23,270 euros for the sportive version , tested here .
in exchange for the high price , the mazda3 will offer a large daily dose of satisfaction .
deluxe &apos; premiere&apos;
l. a. covers the red carpet of sensuality by the hand of penelope cruz , nicole kidman and fergie .
the stars were more dazzling than ever , wrapped in designer dresses , as elegant as they were sexy , at the premiere of &apos; nine &apos; . ( photos : gtresonline )
our own &apos; pe &apos; , as sophisticated as ever , decided on a dark &apos; lady . &apos; 
the promise of fonpeek
peek is extremely limited , a device that &apos;s only used for checking email , without no feature for viewing certain kinds of attachments or surfing the web .
it enjoyed its 5 minutes of fame in the u.s. when times magazine named it one of the products of the year .
seeing it on the street is more difficult , to be honest , but the idea can be interesting , especially for children .
unlike smartphones , the peek is very cheap and has a very low monthly fee , less than half , for example , of the iphone &apos;s data plan .
given its success , the company has released two new devices : one exclusively for twitter , the other with a free data service for life in exchange for paying six times more for the peek .
fonpeek , presented at the la web event yesterday , is the european version of the invention and its third incarnation .
it is just as limited as its u.s. counterpart , but comes with a surprise .
the monthly service price , around 12 euros a month , includes roaming throughout europe .
those who travel with a smartphone already know what it &apos;s like to have to give up data when they cross the border or desperately search for a cafe with wifi ( or a fon connection ) to check their mail .
the idea of fixed-price roaming is incredibly attractive and long awaited .
yes , some operators have special arrangements and travel plans , but in my experience it takes a doctorate in physics to understand them and good glasses to read the fine print .
the repeated twisting of the european commission &apos;s arm to get affordable roaming rates across europe has had almost no noticeable effect .
there &apos;s a fear of using data outside one &apos;s home country , and rightly so .
for a gadget like the fonpeek ( it no longer seems strange that it is called fon since it lacks wifi ) to get this kind of fee , it means that the operators are starting the think differently and study different means of recouping the cost of their data networks .
the kindle is another good example , including a book downloading feature and other internet queries .
no contracts , no bother .
it &apos;s a connected device and is paid for when it &apos;s purchased , not month by month .
and that is what i hope to see one day with fonpeek , a call option with life-time access , which the peek already has in the u.s.
not because i &apos;m going to buy it .
i check my mail on my phone , thank you .
i hope so because i think it &apos;s an unfair model for the consumer .
it would be interesting to see a computer with the same system .
michelle &apos;s color fetish
yellow is , without a doubt , the u.s. first lady &apos;s favorite color .
she already attended barak obama &apos;s inauguration as u.s. president in a yellow dress and coat ; she chose the same to accompany him to what was undoubtedly the second most important moment of his life : the nobel peace prize ceremony in oslo .
michelle obama wore a very similar dress on both occasions : apart from being a similar yellow-green color with bright highlights- , both times the outfit consisted of three pieces , a dress , jacket and coat of the same material , and was adorned with a large embroidery or necklace .
so much so that , at first glance , it seemed the first lady of the u.s. has been following the princess of asturias &apos; lead and has opted to repeat her wardrobe .
but the material the two suits are made of make them very different .
if the inauguration was about thick lace , in oslo it was patterned velvet .
the accessories have also varied : green medium-heeled shoes the other time , and now a similar design , but in gold .
and equally different is the hair style : on this occasion , hair tied back ; previously she wore her hair down .
75 % of working mothers have had work problems during maternity .
discrimination at work has increased in recent years , especially for women of younger generations who want to be mothers .
this has been revealed by a study entitled &apos; fertility and work history of women in spain &apos; , developed by the csic in collaboration with the women &apos;s institute .
the survey of 9,737 women from 15 to 75 years old leaves no doubt about it : 75 % of working mothers have seen their opportunities in the workplace limited due to maternity .
the study notes that there are many differences in when couples start cohabiting , in the number of children , depending on whether they work or not and the type of work they do .
those that don &apos;t have an activity outside of the home , work part time , or don &apos;t have a stable job start living with their partner sooner , expect their first child , and have more children .
by contrast , women with a stable job , especially in the public sector , put off cohabitation and motherhood and have fewer offspring .
&quot; women between 35 and 49 years old with steady work have the first child , on average , 3.7 years after starting to live together , a figure which increases to 4.1 ; women with steady jobs need more time to achieve their lifelong goals , which has led them to postpone getting married and having children .
additionally , the type of job held has a great influence over maternity , but less over the mating schedule , &quot; explains csic researcher , margarita delgado .
level of education is another factor whichdifferentiates the age of women marrying and having their first child .
according to the survey , the higher the level of education , the older the age at which they get married and have their first child .
there was also a difference among women from the same generation .
for example , in a group of 35- to 49-year-olds , those who had elementary and those who and higher education had become mothers for the first time , on average , at 25.1 and 32.1 respectively .
their level of education provides yet another division among women .
while those who have an elementary education marry and have their first child before finding a stable job , those who have secondary or higher levels of education reverse the sequence and give priority to securing a stable job as a precondition to marriage and having a child , &quot; delgado specifies .
diane kruger is also worth it
l &apos;oréal paris has just added a new name to its enviable list of ambassadors : diane kruger .
starting next year , the german actress will become the image of the brand &apos;s different products , singing the universal slogan &apos; because i &apos;m worth it . &apos; 
the star of &apos; joyeux noël &apos; , one of the finest actresses on the international scene , joins other celebrities signed to l &apos;oreal paris , like linda evangelista , jane fonda , andie macdowell , eva longoria and the spaniard penelope cruz .
before her , the last ones to enter such an elite club were the actresses evangeline lilly ( &apos; lost &apos; ) and freida pinto ( &apos; slumdog millionaire &apos; ) .
for the men &apos;s line , the cosmetic brand also includes deluxe ambassadors : patrick dempsey ( &apos; grey &apos;s anatomy &apos; ) and matthew fox ( evangeline &apos;s co-star on &apos; lost &apos; ) .
the british fashion awards
the british have a lot to say in the world of fashion .
top representatives - designers and models , past and present -gathered at the annual awards presentation , which took place in london at the royal court of justice .
nobody missed the date .
the former model jerry hall &apos;sdaughter , georgia may jagger , was chosen as model of the year .
poker by manuel vicent
in &apos; four aces &apos; ( alfaguara , illustrations by fernando vicente ) manuel vicent gives us thirty profiles of writers who have passed through their literary life ( and , in some cases , the other one too ) .
he does not do it in predictable or terrible ways ( biographical sketch , life and work ) , rather by looking for something that sparked the creation of the character .
the trip has its excitements , and vincent us spares no scares or illuminations .
in addition to being an exquisite pleasure , the book is a touching invitation to be read and reread .
here are some snippets .
on albert camus : &quot; in his pages i discovered that the mediterranean wasn &apos;t a sea , rather a spiritual instinct , almost physical , the same one i felt without giving it a name : the pleasure against the ill-fated , morality without guilt , and innocence without any god . &quot;
on samuel beckett : &quot; nihilistic , allegorical christian , he wrote what was in his blood , not in his intellect , between impotence and ignorance , with a dazzling poetic humor , meaningless , like the blade of the knife that was about to kill him . &quot;
on graham greene : &quot; our man was abducted by this woman with a passion that lasted for thirteen years , in which flesh combined the excitement of adultery with the pleasure of remorse , a spiritual privilege which consisted of reaching heaven through the road of perdition . &quot;
on james joyce : &quot; &apos; ulysses &apos; was published in paris in 1922 by sylvia beach.this is one of the eight-thousand-meter peaks of world literature which must be scaled by the north face , which the best mountain climbers hurl themselves off time and time again . &quot;
on william faulkner : &quot; he was a weird guy . &quot;
of himself , he sometimes said that he was the heir to a landowner in the county , and other times that he was the son of a black woman and a crocodile .
&quot; they were both dreams of grandeur . &quot;
on louis-ferdinand celine : &quot; this writer took the deranged scream cried from a bridge by that character from munich in order to carry his eco , under his literary form , into the depths of the night of the 20th century , and made it a journey , hiding from himself and calling on the past with a violent discourse to the worms . &quot;
on dorothy parker : &quot; one day , she kneeled and prayed : &apos; dear god , i beg you to make me stop writing like a woman &apos; . &quot;
on joseph conrad : &quot; on his tomb were engraved these verses from spencer : &apos; sleep after toil , / port after stormy seas , / ease after war , / death after life does greatly please . &apos; &quot;
on virginia wolf : &quot; she also carried her depressions in her luggage .
the husband accepted it as normal when she told him that edward vii spied on her from the azaleas and that the birds sang in greek .
there has never been a man so patient and in love with a neurotic woman whose literary talent came before her madness . &quot;
on pio baroja : &quot; what did martin-santos do but try to inoculate joyce in baroja ?
what did benet try but to pass baroja through the weapons of faulkner ?
what did cela do but abduct the glory of that man so that it would serve his own pedestal ?
cowardly aggression
last week , my 70-year-old mother was walking through our neighborhood in the town of fuenlabrada when a group of kids between 15 and 18 years old passed alongside her and our dog , a mixed-breed , rescued from the pound and weighing no more than six kilos , and , without saying a word , kicked the dog twice , leaving the dog badly injured .
our indignation knew no bounds because we don &apos;t see the fun in gratuitous aggression towards a small and defenseless animal , which by the way , was on a leash .
it must be added that it distressed the woman who was calmly taking a walk and who , when she reprimanded those individuals , came to fear for her safety , because a lunatic who attacks an animal is capable of doing the same to a woman , a child , an elderly person , and , certainly , to anyone weaker than himself .
the incident took place on atuesday at five o &apos;clock in the afternoon in what is usually a quiet neighborhood .
the dog was crying all day .
by the way , we filed a complaint at a nearby police station which we doubt means much , notto stir up trouble , just to clarify that the cowardly murderers were spanish .
the outrage has led us to denounce this fact .
we don &apos;t understand what is happening when young people consider it fun to gratuitously mistreat a defenseless animal which gives us love , companionship and friendship .
we don &apos;t know if there is any politeness and respect for animals and people left .
michelin and fesvial united on the use of helmets
the tire manufacturer michelin , in collaboration with the spanish foundation for road safety ( fesvial ) , has launched a campaign to promote the use of helmets , especially among younger motorists , both organizations reported today .
this initiative aims to raise awareness of the importance of wearing a helmet , because it is the only means of protection capable of preventing head injuries and even death in the event of an accident while riding a motorcycle .
michelin indicated that this campaign is part of their commitment to road safety which &quot; goes beyond designing and manufacturing safer products every day , &quot; and added that it also contributes towards this goal by means of other educational and informative measures .
this new campaign promoting helmet use in motorcycles , under the motto &apos; to be or not to be , &apos; will initially distribute posters to more than 500 motorcycle shops to spread the message as widely as possible .
finally , michelin stressed that road safety &quot; is a constant concern &quot; for the company , as being a manufacturer of tires for two-wheeled vehicles , one of its main goals is to develop ever safer products .
sales of light commercial vehicles on the increase
almost two years later , the light commercial vehicle market begins to see the light at the end of the tunnel .
the 9,425 vehicles registered in november in spain represent a rise of 12.6 % from 2008 , and , more importantly , indicates the first increase after 22 consecutive months of decline , according to figures from the manufacturers association ( anfac ) and the vendors association ( ganvam ) .
however , it &apos;s not time to start celebrating since the reference the comparison was made to -november 2008- was particularly bad , with a 60 % decrease from the previous year .
the outcome is that , regardless of last month &apos;s upturn , the total number of registrations during those 11 months is 40 % below last year &apos;s .
since january , 95,853 units of all the vehicle classes which make up the hotchpotch of light commercial vehicles were sold : derived vans , pick ups , vans , light vans and light-chassis trucks .
at the same time , the storm clouds affecting demand have not completely cleared , so even though they are also purchased by individuals , most purchases are made by small and medium-sized enterprises , almost all of which pay through external funding .
as a result of the restrictions caused by closed tap bank loans , it is necessary to add other factors like increasing unemployment and the persistent economic decline .
in light of this , unlike cars , the aid of the 2000epurchase has done little .
aside from individuals , provisions are made for the self-employed and smes that are going to purchase a light commercial vehicle of up to 3.5 tons with a co2 emission level not exceeding 160 grams per kilometer , but the number of transactions has been insignificant .
just yesterday , the need for the administration to devote special attention to these vehicles , and also to commercial verhicles ( trucks and buses ) , was brought to mind by ganvam .
the sellers &apos; association predicts that 2010 will be similar to the year coming to a close , which estimates a 19 % drop in sales ( passenger cars and 4x4s ) .
support for emergency braking is already obligatory
support systems to emergency brakes will have to be a mandatory feature in european cars , just as it happened with anti-lock breaks ( abs ) and will happen with stability control ( esp )
in fact , they are already in all newly registered passenger cars and light commercial vehicles , while the rest have a grace period until the end of february 2011 .
the measure , imposed by the european union , aims to increase pedestrian safety ; however , how they work can also help prevent many rear-end collisions .
what the emergency brake assistant does is increase the pressure on the brakes in the event of an emergency , which the system detects through the driver &apos;s pressure on the pedal .
but this doesn &apos;t always maintain that pressure through to the end .
according to a study conducted by the car components manufacturer , bosch , a third of drivers involved in an accident had not stepped on the brake before a collision and half of them didn &apos;t apply the full force .
up to 1,100 accidents
the intervention of the aid , however , calls for the full braking system , reducing the distance the car needs to stop .
according to an eu study , if all cars were equipped with this feature , 1,100 fatal accidents involving pedestrians could be avoided a year .
the reduction will be even bigger -it estimates that one in four accidents injuring people would be avoided - when the so-called smart emergency braking systems become popular .
in this case , the vehicle is equipped with a system which ( via radar or a camera ) detects obstacles and warns the driver , in addition to lightly applying the brakes .
if the driver reacts , he helps it by increasing the pressure on the pedal if it is necessary .
if he does not react , and even though the collision is unavoidable , the device exerts the maximum force to the brakes to minimize damage .
general motors delays opel plan until january
while workers at the opel plant in figueruelas ( zaragoza ) have already been informed by nick reilly , the new president of general motors ( gm ) europe , that the production of the new meriva will begin in the first week of april -probably the 8th- as reported by javier ortega , the u.s. manufacturer is cautioning that more time is needed to conclude the recovery plan for opel .
nick reilly , the new president of gm europe , wants each of the points of the new plan to have the prior approval of the affected party .
and this may make the final document , which will be submitted first to the workers and then to the governments of the countries where there are factories , be delayed until the beginning of 2010 .
on the other hand , gm is making sure that a decision regarding the sale of saab should be made in the next few days .
it is not strange that the swedish government has increased the pressure on the u.s. manufacturer to make a decision as soon as possible .
gm admits to having had contact with some potential new buyers .
one of them could be geely , which aims to acquire volvo , but the option of the dutch sports car manufacturer skyper , which is funded by the russian group converg , is gaining momentum .
in the event that none of them come to an agreement , gm would be able to sell some saab assets to the chinese baic .
the decision to close saab at the end of the year if it is not sold still stands .
driving the porsche boxster spyder
to develop their latest and most precious gem , the porsche engineers took the boxster s as a base and succeeded in trimming it by no less than 80 kilos , making the total weight a mere 1,275 kilos .
this led them to , first , cutting out the automatic roof , which has been substituted by a manually-operated canvas one , saving 21 kilos ; using aluminum doors , like those on the gt3 , &apos; dropping &apos; another 15 , removing the climate control , 13 ; reducing the gas tank from 64 to 54 liters , earning 7 more kilos ; mounting sporty bucket seats , another 12 , and with the 19-inch lightweight wheels , five .
finally , foregoing the cdr-30 sound system brought it down another 6 kilograms , and changing the door handles to fabric ones cut the remaining kilo .
even though it is also available with the pdk dual-clutch shift , the test was conducted on a unit with the six-speed manual transmission , mainly on the back roads of california and along stretches of really windy mountain roads .
its performance can only be described as flawless .
the reduction in weight does not imply that the car doesn &apos;t grip the asphalt .
rather the complete opposite : it has been some time since we tested a model so small and light , which , in turn , transmitted so much confidence when cornering , even at high speeds .
it is a small athlete , able to warm up its muscles in a low gear for as long as we need , until ordered to sprint , to brake , to recover and go back to exploiting its engine ...
just what we asked for . thanks to its steering , as communicative as it is precise , what we tell it with our hands on the wheel is what the car will do .
and it will do it with surgical precision .
optional engine noise
the sound of its v6 boxer with 320 horse power ( 10 more than the boxster s ) is well made and can be enhancedwith the &apos; sport &apos; option and through a system that modifies the roar of the engine , which debuted earlier in the panamera .
the acceleration is brutal , either from a standstill or recovering .
the suspension is firm but not harsh or uncomfortable .
the asphalt of the highways we crossed with the boxster spyder was fairly beaten up , but the car handled the potholes well .
the electronic aids hardly showed up on the course ; that is because , well into the morning , we found early morning ice and gravel on some curves .
in short , it is an ultra lightweight car , one of the most fun to drive on the market , andis a bit more than just a simple modification of the boxster s.
the car will go on sale in february 2010 , priced at 70,931 euros .
&apos;bag girl&apos;
close to karl lagerfeld , the image of the coco cocoon line and occasional &apos; starlet &apos; of the catwalk , the singer lavishes her bad-girl image with as much contempt as she has chanel bags .
more than a &apos; bad girl &apos; or &apos; it girl &apos; , she is a &apos;bag girl &apos; .
baskonia gives away a victory in israel
caja laboral achieved a stunning 82-91 victory on their visit to the maccabee electra court despite dusko ivanovic &apos;s team &apos;s heavy losses , and after the great performance by mizra teltovic , who was the best on his team with eight three-pointers scored ( 29 points ) , they now at the top of their group .
the vitorian team knew to make up for the significant absences of herrmann , oleson , huertas and micov with a big dose of involvement and team work , even though it had to hold out until the end to take the victory .
additionally , their huge success from the sidelines , with 16 three pointers scored , had a lot to do with the final triumph .
the game started out in favor of the azulgranas , who put themselves ahead on the scoreboard from the start .
as vitora &apos;s first four baskets were from the perimeter , the speculation was already that they had jumped into the israeli net with hot wrists .
english and teletovic were the main scorers of the 18-20 at the end of the first period .
the second quarter was more of the same , but the alavan team opted for the inside game of barac and the work of eliyahu , who was greeted with whistles and applause at his return home , to continue increasing their lead by half-time ( 34-43 ) .
teletovic had already begun to stand out as the best on his team with 13 points , even though splitter &apos;s &quot; six fewer &quot; points already signaled that it wasn &apos;t going to be the best night for the brazilian .
but the game , despite being headed for half time , was not more decidedand the maccabees tried to remind the vitorians that not just anybody wins on their court , and with the &apos; hand of elias &apos; putting the pressure on , they managed to get involved in the game .
eidson and pnini played a decisive role in the &quot; yellows &apos; &quot; return to the light .
more disadvantages
ivanovic &apos;s players , injured but far from dead , needed to run a couple of plays correctly before they could breathe , and that &apos;s when the machine gun marza teletovic arrived , with three almost consecutive three-pointers and the help of english and ribas , he brought the scoreboard back to a reassuring lead ( 54-67 ) , which the home team managed to narrow down at the end of the third quarter ( 57-67 ) .
the alavas worked themselves to the bone in the last period , and english and san emeterio ( 65-75 ) had already made it clear that they were not going to let anyone take away what they had earned during the first thirty minutes .
however , pnini and eidson , the best on their team , did not give up and tried to keep their team alive from the three-point line ( 70-77 ) .
in spite of this , and with splitter fouling out , ivonic &apos;s team didn &apos;t rush , defended well , and , even though the israelis came close at the last minute , the game ws already won and victory escaped tel aviv for the first time in the season .
injuries impede unicaja &apos;s fight
unicaja lost miserably in greece against the olympiacos and gave them the lead in group b of the euroleague in a game marked by the loss of the cajistas , especially in the inside game ( freeland , lima and archibald ) which facilitated the greek victory .
the malaga team was not cowed by the atmosphere in the peace and friendship stadium , nor by the excellence of its rival , maybe the most powerful in europe and with a big budget .
the playing exhibited in the first quarter allowed the andalusians to take it easy.an aggressive defense and three consecutive three-pointers , two from the point guard omar cook , and one from guillem gubio , baffled the home team 12-18 , minute 9 .
the olympiacos were obviously surprised by unicaja &apos;s intensity , even though the home team &apos;s arsenal in the inside game with bourousis , vujcic and schortsanitis brought them back to 22-20 , in the 13th minute , at which point an attempted fight between the two u.s. point guards , beverley and williams , resulted in the disqualification of both players .
the greek team started showing their superiority inside both zones , where the loss of english center joel freeland to injury and three personal fouls by carlos jimenez hampered the cajistas .
between them the inside players and the lithuanian forward , linas leizas , with their three-pointers , increased the lead to 44-32 in the 19th minute .
an impossible comeback
the third period was very offensive for the olympiacos , who , despite 19 losses , proved superior and began to even out the difference in the game in malaga , making it 66-48 in the 27th minute , which shook the group leader .
unicaja tried to overcome their absences and the latest withdrawal of the scottish center , robert archibald , who was injured during the game .
despite all the problems , because of cook &apos;s control and three-pointers , and lewis &apos; assists , unicaja had some hope left with the score at 66-57 in the 31st minute .
but it was practically impossible because the olympiacos , when pressed and given their superiority , seemed unstoppable once centimeters inside the zone .
the croatian center , nikola vujcic , managed to bring back the basket average to 81-62 in the 37th minute and unicaja gave up , handing the top-seed over to the olympiacos .
how much should you charge for your facebook profile ?
facebook users can know the salary they deserve according to their profile , thanks to a new application trovit , the search engine with the largest number of real-estate , employment and car classifieds in spain .
the tool &quot; how much should you charge ? &quot; estimates wages of users from more than 140,000 employment offers in spain on trovit , based on a form available on facebook , where you must enter your profession , years of experience , your age and the city where you want to work .
in the week that the application was launched , the search engine had detected that in general , the spanish worker &quot; feels underpaid , &quot; said the trovit product manager , albert ribera .
according to the data trovit uses from its search engines in the united kingdom and france , the spanish are the lowest paid .
a british programmer charges 45,226 euros gross per year , and a french one 31,059 , as opposed to the 24,000 a spaniard receives .
similarly , a driver receives an annual net pay of 34,247 euros in england , 25,751 in france , and 16,420 in spain .
according to trovit , the lowest paid job in spain is waiter , with annual net earnings of 11,592 euros ; followed by salesperson , with 14,725 euros , and operator , with 15,667 euros .
the most searched-for jobs on the net in the past three months are drivers , part-time jobs and social worker .
brazil sets a release date for zelaya
the brazilian government has put a deadline on manuel zelaya &apos;s stay in the embassy in tegucigalpa .
the deposed president must leave the embassy by the 27th of january , 2010 at the latest , when his mandate officially ends .
francisco catunda , the chargé d ’ affaires of the brazilian embassy in the honduran capital , told tv globo that &quot; mel &quot; knows that he must leave the embassy , where he has been a refugee since 21st september , before that date .
&quot; he is aware that he has to leave on january 27th , the end of his term ; he has to look for another occupation . &quot;
the station also quoted the former president , who confirmed his intention to leave the embassy before the deadline : &quot; my plan is to leave as soon as possible , obviously with the support of the brazilian government , &quot; zelaya said via telephone .
following the november 29th elections ( in which profiro lobo was elected ) , zelaya said that he would remain in the embassy until january .
however , this very week , he tried to find refuge in brazil .
the operation finally ended unsuccessfully with the rejection of zelaya &apos;s political refugee status , which the government headed by roberto micheletti tried to impose &quot; de facto &quot; .
thanks a lot
after days of wine and roses from last spring , when inflation was the prevailing trend on the markets , uncertainty again rears its ugly head , which is not surprising since it is their natural state , in an environment in which agents make decisions about the naturally uncertain future .
the cure prescribed by the central banks to stabilize the markets was to monetize debt with the direct purchase of assets and indirectly give an open bar liquidity at close-to-zero rates so that the financial institutions would buy deductible assets .
the central banks have already confirmed that direct purchases of assets have practically ended and , without questioning their unorthodox liquidity policy , are beginning to throw a spanner in the works as the ecb makes its yearly auction next week .
therefore , investors doubt the ability of the global economy to sustain economic recovery without such unorthodox measures , and we are seeing a reversal of the reduction in risk premiums .
the volatility of the stock markets and the corporate bond spreads have swiftly picked up again , even though they are far behind the extreme levels that they reached at the beginning of the year .
the states were obligated to socialize private risk , and again public debt is going to be affected .
again there is a flight for quality and the u.s. , japan and germany have been the refuge of choice for investors , causing awider spread of the eurozone countries in respect to germany .
spain hardly seems to have been affected by this period of instability , but that &apos;s when standard and poor &apos;s arrived and threatened a new revision , downgrading the kingdom of spain .
furthermore , some uncertainty doesn &apos;t hurt to silence defenders of moral hazard , who again tried to raise awareness of those responsible for the global economic policy by having stopped the destructive effects derived from credit restrictions on the loss of jobs , when what should be done is to declare a new thanksgiving day .
however , dubai &apos;s paints with a tribal fight between the emirs to restore power in the emirates , and we &apos;ve already seen it before in greece .
a government which hides the public deficit , elections and a new government that pulls up the rug .
prodi did it in italy after berlusconi , and socrates in portugal after barroso .
it doesn &apos;t make sense that ecofin saved hungry from a breach of its external payments at the beginning of the year , and thatit is going to let a euro member-country fail to fulfill its commitments .
what is logical is that ecofin has forced the greek government to be transparent , and make its citizens jointly responsible for the need for extraordinary measures to maintain the stability of its public finances .
if , as we hope , we find ourselves before a standardized period of transient risk premiums , after some excess of leveraged positions , it would be within our expectations .
in the case of spain , since our public debt is spreading like the european corporate bonds , we should not be worried .
if the european spreads decrease and ours continue to expand , then it would be an idiosyncratic risk for spain .
that of standard &amp; poor &apos;s is an anecdote . when our leading indicators are forcing the majority of research services to anticipate its recovery scenarios and to revise up its scenario for 2011 , including the oecd and the european commission , they return to the fray with a japanese scenario for the spanish economy , and long life expectancy does not portend its warning .
again , it has all the earmarks to be an excellent opportunity to buy spanish assets , but for now , &quot; prudence , my driver . &quot;
related sectors
the iberdrola chairman , ignacio sanchez galan , was the first to speak yesterday before the subcommittee of the house of representatives , where spain &apos;s energy strategy for the next two decades is currently being debated .
after his speech , which was followed by the president of gas natural-fenosa , rafael villaseca , galan gave the press a few glimpses of what was planned in the subcommittee behind closed doors .
for the president of iberdrola , spain needs to invest 50 billion euros by 2020 and another 60 billion between that date and 2030 , while they keep operating the nuclear power plants which are presently open .
otherwise , the investments required will not be 60 billion , but up to 95 billion .
yes , iberdrola believes that in the next decade investments should not be spent on increasing its generating capacity , but on distribution networks and on international interconnections .
from 2020 on , the matter changes and the power will have to increase .
his bet is in both coal plants withcarbon dioxide catchers and , especially , renewable sources of energy .
in this case , he considers that it takes 18,000 new mw , and that is with &quot; support energy . &quot;
though he believes that the sustainable economy act , which the government has just approved , is in line with what his company has been calling for , galan would not draw blood with a royal decree to promote the consumption of domestic coal , which contradicts the policies to combat climate change .
in his opinion , there is &quot; a clear , long-term gamble &quot; in this sense , despite the &quot; sure &quot; measures , as the chairman of iberdrola calls them .
as it is , galan believes that the decisions to invest , even though they are long-term , should start to be made since it has already taken a long time to think them through , and a stable framework for addressing remuneration is necessary .
ferrovial wins the &apos; handling &apos; of aer lingus in ten airports
ferrovial &apos;s airport ground services subsidiary , swiss swissport , is going to be the irish airline aer lingus &apos; preferred partner for cargo services in ten of the european airports where it operates .
paris , london , frankfurt and brussels are among the most prominent .
the agreement , which has not transcended economic terms , will last for five years .
moreover , ferrovial , the autonomous government of castile-la mancha , and the university of alcala de henares signed a protocol of cooperation yesterday to create a center for the innovation of intelligent infrastructure .
the alliance includes an investment of 20 million by 2012 , 50 % of which comes from ferrovial .
one of the center &apos;stasks will be to research energy efficiency on highways and in airports .
acciona disputes its first highway in australia with hotchief and bouygues .
acciona is struggling for its first highway concession in australia , a market where it already operates as a an energy and water company .
the construction involves a 1.7 billion australian dollar tunnel ( about 1.047 billion euros ) .
the french bouygues and german hotchief are its rivals .
a 5-km tunnel in the australian city of brisbane , on the east coast , has become the closest chance for accionato settle in the countryas a construction and motorway company .
the city council wants to have it completed by the end of 2014 .
after opting for the public-private partnership ( the acronym ppp in english ) to move the project forward , in a business plan under the tutelage of ernst &amp; young , the administration already has a final list of candidates to take over the work and exploit the toll .
depending on the bids submitted by next may , the planned investment comes to 1.7 billion australian dollars ( 1.047 billion euros ) and three consortia , with a remarkable predominance of european construction firms , are competing in the final stage .
the group known as transcity , is headed by acciona , the only spanish one in the competition , and its partners are bmd and ghella .
the first is a major australian construction company , while the second , based in italy , is one of europe &apos;s leading specialists in undergroundconstructions .
the northern district consortium is pitted against acciona &apos;s team , with the presence of britain &apos;s laing o &apos;rourke , the australian infrastructure group transfield , and the french construction group bouygues .
the third and final consortium to make it through the selection process is called lbrjv , where australia &apos;s leighton ( a subsidiary of the german construction company hochtief , owned in turn by acs ) , domestic baulderstone ( owned by the german group bilfinger berger ) and razel , the gallic firm specializing in civil construction , split the capital .
the australian infrastructures market promises big jobs and privatization , but it carries a clear start-up difficulty if it &apos;s not leaning towards hiring a local construction company .
it is one strategy that the aforementioned hochtief and bilfinger , in addition to asian shareholders , have pursued , and one that remains unresolved for the spanish giants in the industry .
acs barely acquired a position in that market through its 30 % stake in hochtief , theproprietor of the aforementioned leighton .
asset millionaires
acciona is bidding on a geographical location of the utmost importance for the sector , which already has a strong presence from its activity as an energy provider and the desalination business .
among other assets , it has the largest wind farm , waubra wind farm ( 192 mw ) in victoria , and leads the corporate groupresponsible for building and managing the desalination plant in adelaida with a budget of 700 million .
now it intends to consolidate these two areas and exploit synergies in the fields of construction and infrastructure operations .
the underground toll road , sponsored by the brisbane department of infrastructure and the northern link , is calledupon to connect the toowong western highway with the bypass in kelvin grove ( see map ) through the 5-kilometer tunnel.it is a major endeavor to reduce the traffic in brisbane .
the timetable set by the administration sets the deadline for the decision in the summer of 2010 and for the work to start in december of next year .
although this toll road would be open for traffic in the closing months of 2014 , the work is not anticipated to be completed until 2016 .
the tunnel began to take shape in 2005 .
it will include two lanes in each direction , an electric toll system and a sophisticated ventilation system .
the queensland government will provide 500 million dollars ( 308 million euros ) for funding .
brisbane is already offering business to hochtief .
australia continues to provide remarkable commodities to hochtief , which announced its receipt of a government contract worth 154 million yesterday .
the firm , owned in-part by acs , will set up the national broadband infrastructure with fiber optic cables through its local subsidiary , leighton .
this will provide high-speed internet access to 400,000 people and will provide work for the german firm for 18 months .
moreover , the company has transferred the project to build the 27-story high king george tower in the australian city of brisbane.the work has yet to begin , and hochtief has closed the sale for 129 million .
presently , in the u.k. , more specifically in manchester , laing o &apos;rourke will partake in the construction and operation of two schools over 25 years .
the initial investment will total 75 million euros .
fcc awarded a tunnel in slovenia for 64 million
fcc , through its subsidiary alpine , has been awarded the construction of a 2.1-kilometer-long tunnel for a highway in slovenia for 64.5 million euros .
the firm received this contract days after getting bosruck &apos;s ( austria ) tunnel expansion job .
by doing this , alpine is strengthening its expertise in tunnel construction .
the construction is planned to start in the beginning of 2010 , and the project timeframe will span 32 months .
sra . rushmore is awarded renfe &apos;s advertising
renfe has appropriated approximately three million euros annually for the advertising and marketing services of the sra . rushmore agency for the next two years , the railway operator reported .
the contract covers the possibility of two 12-month extensions.sra. rushmore has been chosen from the 16 agencies that entered the tender launched by renfe , of which there were four finalists ; among them was tbwa , which was in charge of creatives for the past 3 years .
from this point forward , sra . rushmore will be in charge of campaign design and production .
france telecom fined 63 million for blocking competitors
the competition regulator in france has imposed a fine of 63 million euros on france telecom for anti-competitive behavior in the country &apos;s caribbean regions .
according to the institution , the operator limited landline and mobile phone competition by signing exclusive agreements , service plans , and loyalty programs with consumers outsideof regulation .
with this sanction , the former french monopoly and state-owned company has accumulated more than 560 million euros in fines since hindering its competitors in 1994 .
the penalty imposed yesterday has , in fact , increased because the authority that oversees the competition believes france telecom has committed similar violations in the past and , therefore , is a repeat offender .
application shop
on the other hand , the mobile subsidiary of the french company has followed in the footsteps of other operators , and has opened an on-line application shop , with the aim of increasing revenues outside of telecommunications .
at first , the orange application shop will be active in france and the u.k.
it will not reach other countries , including spain , until 2010 .
playing the champions league has yielded 476.4 million to madrid and barcelona since it was first established
the champions league has become a source of income for clubs since it started in 1992 .
so much so that real madrid and barcelona have collected 476.4 million , making them the third and fifth club to have won the most money in the competition .
the head of the list is manchester united .
the head of the list is manchester united .
winning the uefa champions league doesn &apos;t just earn you glory.it is also a major source of income for the big clubs .
so much so that uefa figures show that the competition has dealt out 5,362.5 million euros to the 105 teams ( 12 of them from spain ) who have participated in the event since the tournament was founded in the 1992 / 1993 season .
real madrid and f.c. barcelona have fared well in this distribution .
the white club has been the third on the continent to have pocketed more money from participating , and the only one , after ac milan , to have won the trophy three times .
the catalan team , the defending champion and last winner of the defunct european cup in 1992 , is fifth in the rankings .
at the top of the list are manchester united and bayern much , two teams that have also made more money by participating in the champions league .
and that is in spite of both of them losing against barcelona .
what more , spain is only the third country to have made more money through the champions league despite having earned more titles than any other country ( five , compared to italy &apos;s four , england &apos;s three , and germany &apos;s two ) .
distribution
this apparent paradox is explained by the complicated payment system the uefa uses .
for this fiscal year the body chaired by michel platini expects to collect 1.090 billion for the champions league .
the uefa dedicates 413.1 million of that money to pay fixed rates : each of the 20 clubs participating in the prequalifying round ( including atletico madrid ) receives 2.1 million .
additionally , those who managed to participate received 3.8 million just for being there , in addition to another 550,000 euros for every game they play .
there are also bonuses for winning ( 800,000 euros ) and for ties ( 400,000 for each team ) .the octa-finalists receive three million each ; the eight quarterfinalists , 3.3 million .
the last four will pocket 4 million each .
the champion will win 9 million , versus the 5.2 million for the runner-up .
so , with the idea of the fixed rates , a club takes home at least 7.1 million , and at most 31.2 million .
barcelona on the other hand pocketed 2.5 million for winning the european super cup in august .
but there are other varying payments to which 337.8 million are allocated .
this money is distributed according to the proportionate value of each television market .
spain is the leader with four places allocated .
last year &apos;s champion got 40 % of the allocated money , 30 % for second place , 20 % for third , 10 % for fourth .
the other part will be paid according to the number of games played this year .
nueva rumasa offers 61 million euros for 29.9 % of sos
yesterday , the nueva rumasa holding company sifted through the details of the bid on shares which led to the acquisition of a stake of between 25 % and 29.9 % in sos .
it is a percentage which doesn &apos;t require them to launch a takeover bid ( opa ) for all of the securities .
specifically , nueva rumasa is offering 1.5025 eurosper share , to be distributed over 10 years , and with a 1 % annual interest rate .
sos shares closed yesterday at 1.85 euros ; so , nueva rumasa &apos;s offer undervalued the company 18 % below the market value .
according to nueva rumasa , the price of 1.50 euros reflects the real value of sos .
the offer is subject to the decision of eight of the 15 advisers .
the jerezano group is giving a period of 15 days for shareholders to express their interest in selling securities .
the cnmv assured that it had not been informed of the offer , despite ruiz mateos &apos; company saying that it had contacted a regulator .
if this comes to fruition , the payout would reach 611.7 million when the capitalization of sos is at 254.27 million .
meanwhile , sos is restructuring its management .
in an attempt to stay out of possible takeover bids and the legal vagaries of its former managers , the brothers jesus and jaime salazar , it announced the election of maria luisa jordana as the director of the internal audit .
it is a decision which makes her the first woman to hold a senior position in the food company .
this is a newly created position which reports directly to the president of the group .
and not without controversy , as the company is still immersed in the legal battle for the alleged diversion of over 230 million from sos to the salazar brothers &apos; holding company .
in fact , it &apos;s possible that sos will reveal further diversions of funds in the next few months .
in regards to the salazars &apos; credit , the former advisers ildefonso ortega and angel fernandez noriega ( representatives of ccm and unicaja ) testified and affirmed that they approved of the diversion of 212 million without knowing where the money was going .
cnmv authorized the exclusion take-over bid submitted by inversora mer
yesterday , the national securities market commission ( cnmv ) approved of the exclusion take-over bid of federico paternina by inversora mer , which was presented last october 9th .
the supervisory agency explained that this operation is authorized after it is understood that its terms adjust to existing standards and that the information packet &apos;s contents , submitted after the amendments introduced last december 2nd , are considered sufficient .
the cnmv has stated that the offer addresses the purchase of 550,008 shares of federico paternina at 7.65 euros a share , representing 8.95 % of its share capital , which consists of 6,142,786 shares that are traded on the stock exchanges in madrid and bilbao .
it also explained that it has frozen 5,592,778 million shares , which will not be traded in any way until the completion of the offer , which specified the price determined by frederico paternina in accordance with current regulations .
new tools for inspecting cars
in these days of storms and accidents , it is not only garages that are making a profit .
every day , thousands of cars that have been in accidents are towed to a garage , where a technician must evaluate the damage and what the repair will cost .
no claim is the same , and calculating the cost of parts and labor can be a long and complicated task .
manually calculating the cost of a repair between 20,000 and 30,000 euros , including parts and labor , may take two or three hours .
however , with the help of the most recent computer tools , it would take a matter of minutes .
this is why almost 100 % of technicians are using this kind of system .
providers of services , claims solutions , and maintenance are working to compile data supplied by manufacturers , and then process it and offer it to customers as a useful tool .
in spain , audatex , of the north american groupo solera , is the industry leader ; 80 % of assessments are done using their products .
the other firms in the sector , competing in the field of data assessment and processing , are gtmotive and eurotax .
working with data supplied by manufacturers is far from simple .
according to eduardo velazquez , the audatex business manager , 63 manufacturers and importers are working in spain , and each of them submits data in a different format .
furthermore , the amount of data to process is increasing to the point where they have released more versions , variants and engines in the last five years than in the previous 15 .
when a new car hits the market , these companies get to work .
it &apos;s very arduous work because you have to catalog each of the thousands of vehicle parts andenter in your price .
in addition , a &quot; smart &quot; graphic is made for each model , where you can &quot; click &quot; on different parts of the car .
if it is a mass-market model , the work can be ready in a week , provided the process goes quickly .
if it &apos;s an uncommon car , it can take up to three or four months.currently , audatex provides comprehensive data for 99.2 % of the cars sold in spain .
among the most exclusive models , information is available for a porsche , but not a ferrari or lamborghini for example .
as for the number of cars in circulation , it is over 99 % .
in order to document and develop the databases , audatex has eight centers scattered around the world ( spain , france , germany , usa , brazil , mexico , china and japan ) , and each of these specializes in a specific brand .
its national headquarters is in alcobendas ( madrid ) .
there , over a hundred technicians ( usually expert mechanics ) work with three computer screens at the same time .
audatex invests 90 million euros a year in developing these databases .
every month , 2.5 million pieces of information are added , and clients receive updates every two days .
developing that huge flow of information lets them give these companies different applications and varied products .
the most common use focuses on maintenance and repair , but depending on the country , there are also tools to manage scrap pieces and to calculate the market and residual value of a car .
the only company with a used car guide available in spain is eurotax .
audatex doesn &apos;t offer one in our country , but it does in the united states .
in view of the products that audatex offers , it is easy to get an idea of the kind of support available to professionals in this sector .
this company offers 10 different tools ; audaplus , being the flagship product , is the standard solution , designed to allow technicians to assess claims .
it includes cars , motorcycles , and light and heavy industrial vehicles .
besides the cost of parts , it includes manufacturer estimates of repair times and paint charts .
this tool charges according to the use , for each appraisal .
the highest cost is 5.75 euros for customers who rarely use it , 10 times a month at most .
then , every insurance company that makes thousands of assessments negotiates their price with audatex .
other products , like audavin , facilitate the complete identification of a vehicle and the equipment that it left the assembly line with , just from its vehicle identification number .
audaglass focuses on the glass parts of a car , and audasubastas is an on-line service open to the professional sector which facilitates the bidding on vehicles calssed as write-offs .
their statistics service is very useful for identifying trends , geo-demographic analysis and knowing standard deviations of makes and models .
you can study , for example , how many models of a particular make have gone to a shop because of malfunctions or how many have been in serious accidents in a certain period .
gt motive is the only spanish company working to develop these kinds of tools .
it sells , among others , the gt estimate , which is again designed for technicians and also provides digital images , access to parts and the manufacturer &apos;s official prices and times .
gt motive is a grupo einsa company , which was founded in 1971 as a provider of automotive services and solutions for assessing damage , malfunctions and maintenance .
the gt appraisal guide is its historical reference product on the market .
they work with 24,000 users in garages , 3,100 technicians and 53 insurance companies .
its turnover has grown by 20 % per year over the past three years , and it brought in 10.8 million euros in 2008 .
early last year , the globalization process started with the installation of an office in paris .
meanwhile , audatex was founded in germany in 1966 and set up shop in spain in 1979 .
according to company sources , 62 % of its business is generated in europe and the rest of the world , and the remaining 37 % in north and south america.they work with more than 900 insurance companies and 33,000 shops , 3,000 of which are in spain .
grupo solera &apos;s ( audatex , sidexa , informex abz , hollander and ims ) worldwide turnover will total 557 million dollars , 3.3 % more than 2008 .
in our country , the company brought in 19.1 million euros , 7.2 % more than last year .
in 2005 , grupo solera was valued at 1 billion dollars on the stock exchange , and its shares are now listed for a total of 2.4 billion dollars .
it is been listed on the nyse since 2007 and is included in standard &amp; poor &apos;s reference index .
damaged car on-line auctions
last october , grupo solera bought autoonline , an internet platform for selling cars , motorcycles , and especially damaged vehicles .
the endeavor entailed an outlay of 59.5 million euros for 85 % of the company &apos;s capital , which would increase in the upcoming year by the remaining 15 % .
the aim of the acquisition was to offer more value-added services to its customers , with the possibility of reaching an immense international market .
this appraisal and buying and selling service is directed exclusively at professionals in the sector , such as insurance companies , technicians , renting agencies , shops , scrap yards , and professional sellers who must register before using it .
this platform was created in germany in 1996 , and it manages more than 650,000 transactions throughout europe , 500,000 of them in germany .
its major markets include spain , greece , poland and turkey .
the site currently has more than 1,500 registered sellers and 4,000 technicians .
it oversees 3,000 listings a day , and around 100 new listings are added every day on the spanish market .
under spanish law , a car whose vehicle identification number has been unregistered cannot be put back into circulation but can be used for undamaged spare parts .
cars with historical value can be registered , even though they have been unregistered , after a lengthy registration process .
a shop &apos;s estimate in four steps
with the audataller tool , audatex guarantees that the user gets an estimate in only 4 steps : identify the vehicle , look for the spare part , create an estimate and generate an estimate .
user friendliness is an essential condition for these systems , especially to convincing older technicians , who , to varying degrees , are usually more reluctant to use new management techniques .
the database includes 1,034 vehicles , 666 of which are cars , 109 sport-utility vehicles , 137 motorcycles , 78 vans and 44 trucks .
naturally , a computer with an internet connection is needed to use it .
after identifying the model to be repaired by its vehicle identification number , an effective graphic image of the model appears , and then the necessary part is selected .
the user can include variables such as the price of labor , surcharges and discounts , and can then print the estimate for the client .
audataller is not an appraisal tool like audaplus , but rather a reference catalog .
the main difference is that the system aimed at garages does not include labor time estimates .
the cost of using this tool in a shop is 350 euros a year , which the customer can finance .
presently , audatex is working to make these images three-dimensional .
this is an innovation mechanics are approving of because it will enable you , for example , to select a door and turn it around to see the inside .
what will they do ? cssd lacks knowledge of both voldemort and candy bars in prague
new councilors of cssd will most probably have to overcome certain language barriers to understand their old-new colleagues from ods in prague council and municipal council .
aktuálně.cz &quot; tested &quot; the social democrat members of the new council in terms of the well-established slang that originated in the town hall during the few last years , when prague was ruled by the current coalition partners .
coded vocabulary that was established by prague political elite during the previous era of the mayor pavel bem , describes some of the most famous persons , situations and affairs in the city .
surprisingly , it turned out that the new council members do not understand the well-known concepts .
at least they say so .
&quot; who is voldemort ? &quot;
&quot; i really do not know . &quot;
&quot; i &apos;m rather a novice in prague politics , &quot; responded lukas kaucky , the councilor for culture , to the test of &quot; godfather &quot; vocabulary .
and even though he is a political veteran , the councilor karel brezina responded similarly .
for instance regarding the term &quot; golf hole . &quot;
&quot; it &apos;s the only one of the presented words that i use at least occasionally . &quot;
&quot; otherwise , i generally do not recognize the slang . &quot;
out of the glossary , published by aktuálně.cz last june just before the election congress of ods , editors selected six examples , mainly well-known in connection with the prague city hall .
the socialists were to explain the concepts of &quot; voldemort , &quot; the &quot; greatest golf hole in prague , &quot; &quot; go to a candy bar , &quot; &quot; bull neck , &quot; &quot; betrayal of the capital &quot; and &quot; to plate with metal . &quot;
three councilors agreed with the quiz , the fourth - antonín weinert , who is to head the education in prague in the future - promised to attend an interview first , but later he stopped answering the phone .
the fifth councilor , peter dolínek , refused the test straight away .
&quot; i do not pay attention to such things at all and i am not going to evaluate the way the civic democrats talk . &quot;
&quot; i am rather concerned how we will match our programs , &quot; he said .
as we already mentioned , councilor lukas kaucky would reportedly not recognize in the above heading that it is about an influential entrepreneur and friend of ex-mayor bem , roman janousek .
&quot; voldemort &quot; bears no meaning to kaucky and the only term he correctly guessed in the test is &quot; the greatest golf hole in prague . &quot;
&quot; it &apos;s blanka tunnel , &quot; says kaucky , and immediately adds : &quot; but i know it from the newspapers . &quot;
&quot; i &apos;ll have to get myself a language course , &quot; he quips .
golf hole as the blanka tunnel was then correctly deciphered by not only the matador karel brezina , but also the councilor for the environment , lukas plachy .
both social democrats then also know who is actually voldemort and lukas plachy is familiar with this character - he also guesses the right meaning of the phrase &quot; to go to a candy bar . &quot;
&quot; that means going to a company in prague &quot; he sails close to the meaning , which is the office of janousek &apos;s companies .
similarly to brezina he notes that he gained the knowledge from the newspapers rather than using such a vocabulary himself .
according to the testees , there is no such groovy glossary of slang terms in social democrats party .
&quot; i even consulted my colleagues , but it seems that we really do not have anything like that . &quot;
&quot; we rather address one another with names , sometimes we use abbreviations and name garbles , &quot; said prague cssd chairman peter hulínský , addressed by party members as hulda .
&quot; at school i was called birch , but i do not know if my colleagues call me so , &quot; he admits his own nickname , karel brezina .
aktuálně.cz tested the nickname and it works .
councilor weinert is grandpa or less friendly old man for party members , the councilor miroslav poche , who won attention just before the election by the fraud in party sponsorship , was nicknamed &quot; igráček &quot; by some colleagues .
nicknames are also the only thing accepted by the social democrats in the intra-party speech .
hulínský reportedly does not like to be addressed as hulda , but aktuálně.cz has also seen another nickname of that prague chairman .
&quot; dr. of black-jack law &quot; supposedly recalls that peter hulínský got his degree of judr at the police academy in bratislava .
the government wants to limit the torture of &quot; witches , &quot; a brochure was released
women declared as witches in burkina faso usually have several common characteristics .
they rather come from the older generation , cannot engage in work for health reasons for instance , are unmarried and have no children .
the one who &quot; becomes &quot; a witch is sent into isolation in order to not jeopardize the rest of the village .
&quot; such a fate befalls men only very rarely . &quot;
&quot; nor healthy young women are sent away because they help with work and bear children , &quot; says the nun , who takes care for more than a hundred women banished from their community in a special care home in the capital of burkina faso , west africa .
local government now decided to combat the unusual &quot; social measures . &quot;
it has published an information booklet , which should help limit the witch-hunt .
but there is a snag in that .
&quot; more than 70 percent of adults in burkina faso cannot read , &quot; pointed out the disadvantage of written education die standard daily .
accusations of witchcraft are also common in other african countries .
in ghana , which borders with burkina faso , a seventy-two amma hemmah died last week after three women and two men tortured her , doused in kerosene and set alight .
the case was reported by bbc .
the perpetrators claim that it was an unfortunate coincidence .
according to their version the oil that is used for ritual anointing ignited and burned the woman to death .
it allegedly burst into flames after the group wanted to &quot; expel the evil spirit &quot; from the woman .
isolation of &quot; witches &quot; is widely supported by people regardless of their education level .
daily der standard quoted a businessman of forty-two from burkina faso : &quot; devourers of human souls have always posed a danger , &quot; he said .
while in burkina faso the government is trying hard to moderate the witch hunt , the gambia &apos;s president himself participated in the hunt last year .
&quot; gambian president jámí after the death of his aunt unleashed a large-scale witch-hunt for witches allegedly involved in her death and trying to use black magic to kill the president . &quot;
&quot; he invited shamans from nearby guinea to help him and they accompanied by policemen , soldiers and president &apos;s private security guards forced randomly selected men and women from gambian villages to the president &apos;s ranch in kanilai , &quot; said amnesty international in their report .
the arrested people had to drink a potion of herbs with hallucinogenic effects , which also causes intestinal and kidney problems .
two prisoners did not survive .
after international pressure nearly a thousand of inmates were released .
bakala &apos;s tenant : heating in the stove , signed the rent increase
an older heavyset man walked out of the door of the client center of rpg flats company owned by the &apos; coal baron &apos; zdenek bakala , the largest privately owned rental apartments &quot; owner in the czech republic .
under his arm he carried a folder with new lease contracts to three flats : his , his daughter &apos;s and his son &apos;s , who is in prison .
all the three &apos;s rent has just risen due to deregulation .
from next year will the son pay czk 4100 for the second class 2 + 1 apartment instead of the current czk 3500 per month .
&quot; and there is no hot water and we must heat in the &quot; petra stove &quot; ( solid fuel stove , ed. note ) &quot; the man points his finger on his son &apos;s new contract , which he is authorized to signed by proxy .
&quot; but i signed it , &quot; he says half angrily , half resignedly .
bytyokd.cz civic association , which identified the new tenancy conditions as &quot; unfair and immoral , &quot; advises tenants not to sign the new contract and wait until 7 december , when they will publish a guidance on how to counter them .
but the man remains skeptic .
&quot; one says this , another that , &quot; he frowns .
ostrava has become a great laboratory of deregulation .
after the new year the vast majority of dwellings with non-market rent in the czech republic will be subject to deregulation .
aktuálně.cz therefore decided to visit the &quot; laboratory &quot; itself .
havířov &apos;s waiting room of rpg is one of the four in the ostrava region and is already full at nine a.m. on tuesda .
standing right at the door , there is a security guard from a security agency with a call device nearby .
special button &quot; rent 2011 &quot; shines on the touch screen .
one tap and the machine issues a slip with a number .
you do not even manage to read &quot; 157 &quot; and your figure beeps on the large screen below the ceiling of the waiting room .
it is your turn in half a second .
an older couple comes to ask about the lease after a few moments , there is apparently no rush for new leases in the waiting room at all .
most people came to solve the same problems as usual - request for repairs , insured events etc .
letters with new leases have been sent to mailboxes of most of the tenants of 44 thousand dwellings rpg portfolio in the ostrava region since about mid-november .
rpg byty proposes to increase rent by 15 to 38 percent in these letters .
a special desk for new leases was opened on 18 november in the client center .
&quot; it has been in operation for over a week , so it &apos;s only run-in , &quot; respond the clerks at the desk after some hesitation , when the client introduces himself as a journalist .
deregulation and bakala &apos;s former mining flats are local hot topic .
before the elections , it was quite loudly adopted by parliament vice-president and a native of ostrava lubomir zaoralek of the social democrats , and even now it fills local newspapers .
&quot; i have been asking them for this new floor for twenty years . &quot;
&quot; they have not even changed a f .. king plate in the bathroom , &quot; relieves the man mentioned in the introduction .
it is mostly the retired who only come to see if they can i get a discount on rent if they sign on time , as rpg their promises in their special offer .
half off the february rent will also receive the other tenants who will have signed the new contract by 15 december .
havířov &apos;s &quot; deregulatory &quot; desk is certainly not overwhelmed with questions .
&quot; out of yesterday &apos;s 360 clients only about forty to fifty came to inquire about leases in 2011 , &quot; estimates the clerk behind the counter .
rpg on their bulletin boards and web site proposed the negotiation of individual contracts where needed .
however , if the parties fail to agree on the lease , an independent tribunal will have to establish the rent .
&quot; this is not a threat , but the information on the only possible legitimate and completely legal procedure , &quot; says rpg on its website .
&quot; nobody will sue them here , &quot; said one of the rpg flats clerks and the man on the street outside the client center partly agrees .
&quot; i have czk 13,000 pension and five thousands are left for the meals , i cannot afford bringing it to the court , &quot; he said .
the clerk but then doubts after all .
&quot; we &apos;ll see . &quot;
&quot; mr. zaoralek advises them in the media not to sign , so some people are waiting , &quot; she thinks .
the regulation of rents ends in the most of the czech republic with the new year 2011 and according to rpg byty is the increase of rents an economic necessity .
&quot; the current rent is still less than the amount needed for simple maintenance of housing stock , &quot; commented pavel klimes , director of rpg portfolio of residential apartments , and reminded that neglect of the housing stock complained about in relation just to those angry tenants , is the main reason for the increase in rents according to the house owners .
while within the five years between 2005 and 2010 could rpg invest four billion from the rents into the apartments , within the four years between 2011 and 2014 it should be 5.2 billion .
large screen hanging from the ceiling opposite the padded seats of havířov &apos;s waiting room keeps repeating some information highlighted in red .
&quot; the increase in rents in 2011 by 15 % and less concerns 31,200 flats , it is more than 90 % of rpg apartments . &quot;
&quot; and it will always be a maximum of czk 7.50 per square meter and month , &quot; appears on the screen .
only for 400 apartments of rpg portfolio the rent will rise by 38 percent .
&quot; in these cases there will be an increase from an extremely low amount of czk 19.66 per square meter , &quot; points rpg .
in 2600 apartments will the rent remain the same next year .
rpg byty promises that deregulation of rents will not be sudden , it will be spread over four to eight years .
it adds another commitment : all the money from rent increases ( see the chart ) will be invested by the company back to the flats , especially in heat savings - new windows and insulation .
priority will be given to people who sign the agreement to increase rents .
offices need a kindergarten nearby , architects have understood
avriopoint office building in brno is the new headquarters of arch.design company .
nobody would expect that it contains a tiny kindergarten with everything necessary - with colored walls , imaginative furniture , a bunch of toys and even a miniature golf course on the outdoor terrace .
since october last year the children of arch.design employees can attend .
architectural design company , arch.design , whose studios produced a number of important buildings in brno , have included the space for their corporate tiny kindergarten even in the first drawings of the avriopoint building .
it indeed employs nearly 90 people - mainly baby-boom-aged and they want their female designers and architects to quickly return to work .
along with the possibility of part-time contracts the kindergarten is a benefit that arch.design offers to their employees within their welfare program .
female construction engineers and architects have thus the opportunity to combine their demanding jobs with child care .
tinz kindergarten has been invented by arch . design employees themselves and with the support from management they were able to obtain a grant of the european union and the ministry of labour and social affairs .
corporate tiny kindergarten is funded by the european social fund through the operational program human resources and employment and state budget of cz .
thanks to grant funding ( subsidy of 2.8 million ) they were able to purchase equipment and for the period of two years provide qualified personnel and operation .
after the depletion of financial aid ( 2 years ) the arch.design company must operate the kindergarten for 3 years at its own expense .
preparation of the project lasted one year and the economy rating company helped with the applications for grant significantly .
the care is provided by qualified staff , children are taken care of by a nurse and a kindergarten teacher all day ; the kindergarten can therefore be attended by children without any age restrictions , but most of them are over 3 years old .
as this is a &quot; mini-kindergarten , &quot; only 5 children may be present at the same time , even though more can attend in the course of the day altogether .
the operation of the kindergarten is flexible to the needs of parents and children of all employees have the same right to use the nursery , regardless of the position in the company hierarchy .
although this is an individual education and care , the program content in the mini-kindergarten is comparable with the framework program of preschool education .
children are not only playing here , they are also provided with quality teaching - from basic knowledge to preparation for schooling and english is also taught here .
the class is not only equipped with toys , inspiring games , but also with a computer that children can use .
the presence of small children directly in the company creates a friendly and positive environment .
parents can always check their child and it prevents stress situations related to delayed pick-up from nurseries located far from their parents &quot; workplace .
parents then use the working time much more efficiently .
not surprisingly , a loyal employee - employer relationship is produced there naturally .
arch.design became one of the czech companies , which offer significant benefit when recruiting new employees , they are friendly to the family and through this program they have enhanced personnel marketing .
house of bones fascinates even after 100 years . look at the interiors by gaudi
the roof looks like a prehistoric lizard &apos;s spine , the staircase reminds of a dinosaur backbone and balconies are open fish mouths .
this is the house of casa batlló in barcelona by the catalan architect antoni gaudí .
the locals started to call it the house of bones for its organic shapes .
organic shapes , wild colors , unusual use of stone , fragments of tiles and mosaics , facade reminiscent of scales and soft curves everywhere , all of which are typical of art nouveau by antoni gaudí .
the facade of the house opens dreamy lines , soft colors and textures reminiscent of nature and animals .
the detailed look reveals geometry , rhythm , and well-considered order .
at night , the entire facade of the house seems even more dramatical , it is lit so that the gloss paint impression would be further enhanced .
winding and twisting shapes appear equally as much indoors .
wood follows in the window frames in the waves , along with handrails , door trim , moldings and watch .
batlló house , located in the eixample district on a busy shopping street passeig de gracia no. 43 , was rebuilt from the original house in 1877 by the architect emilio sal cortes .
reconstruction took place for two years and the house was completed in 1906 .
the investor , a wealthy industrialist josep batlló , initially insisted on the demolition of the old building and construction of an entirely new one , but soon he adopted gaudi &apos;s idea of an unusual and cheaper redevelopment of the house .
apartment building casa batlló was nevertheless not designed by antoni gaudí alone .
architect josep maria jujol cooperated with him .
it was his developer &apos;s board where the decorations for the representative apartment of the property owner were created , as well as the use of a mosaic on the facade .
a number of other authors and artists worked on the facade .
joint work on drafts for casa batlló building started a successful cooperation of jujol and gaudi .
jujol took part in the construction of gaudi &apos;s building casa mila and park guell , which contains other gaudi &apos;s works .
the locals started to call it the &quot; house of bones &quot; for its organic shapes soon after its completion .
others began to call it a &quot; yawning house &quot; for its specific mechanism of windows opening .
it is also said that on top of the building there is a representation of the sword of st. george , the patron of catalonia .
other sculptural elements of the building also contain hidden religious motives .
gaudi designed a central heating system in the house , unique for his time , with ventilation and typical chimneys .
their forty-five degree slope may seem bizarre .
when creating gaudi totally disregarded building regulations of the time and did not let them tied him up .
at the start of construction he actually received a building permit from the city , but the provided details about the planned reconstruction were so vague , that two years after the completion the city council was horrified by the result and asked for redress .
councilors did mind for example that the building interfered with its pillars into the public sidewalk .
the correction never happened , rather the opposite : only fifteen days after the request from the city , josep batlló applied for ( and successfully received ) the permission to lease the top two floors of the building .
the owner himself moved to lower floors .
there was a banquet hall in the gallery on the second floor and on the third floor there was a bedroom and a private section of the apartment .
the ground floor was leased to a jewelry .
the entire six-storied building is intersected by a staircase , which ends only at the roof terrace .
the key elements of the reconstruction were the abolition of all right angles and straight lines and replacing them with curved walls .
gaudí also worked with the modern concept of space interconnection .
the social part is completely connected by opening the saloon door and a larger group can comfortably communicate without losing the necessary privacy for intimate conversations .
the house won due to gaudi &apos;s rebuilding a new facade and also the unusual roof and two extra floors .
gaudi &apos;s play with light is also impressive , along with blue and white glazed tiles used to line the inner courtyard and skylights .
the play of two colors delivers a maximum of light on all floors of the house .
it was enough to gamble on the principle that white reflects light more than dark colors , which absorb the sun &apos;s rays on the contrary .
casa batlló house , which was included in unesco world heritage fund in 2005 , can be visited by anyone .
the most spacious and most luxurious apartment has been opened to the public on the first floor .
the owners decided to move this up in 2002 to celebrate the one hundred fiftieth anniversary of the birth of the famous author .
they kept providing the excursions since they discovered that this is a very profitable business , plus they extended tours by the common and attic spaces , including a roof terrace .
admission to the sight is certainly not negligible , amounts to 16.50 euros , while students , seniors , groups and travel passes holders receive a twenty percent discount .
the amount greatly exceeds the price of admission to other gaudi &apos;s buildings in the city .
if you want to experience the true atmosphere of the house with dragon towers , you have to quickly make friends with any of the inhabitants of the apartment house and visit them at home .
how to choose the mattress and the slatted bed base : women have different requirements from men
not luxurious bed frame , but the quality of the lying area , that is the mattress and slatted bed base gives a really good bed .
they must however match in a harmonious way to suit a specific user .
the selection decisions are influenced by lots of things such as the weight , height , age , health , and gender of the owner .
also the type of interior , into which the mattress and slatted base are purchased , is important .
a typical example ?
for instance for summer houses which are not heated regularly , latex mattresses are not suitable because they warm up rather slowly .
in addition , they tend to have significantly higher weight than a standard polyurethane foam mattress .
it is also necessary to turn them regularly .
if they do not have enough venting channels in their core , and still lie on a hard board , they retain moisture : even mold could occur beneath the mattresses .
the choice is also influenced by habits .
who spent more time abroad , where they often use very thick mattresses with softening layer , they will find it hard to feel good on a thin one with hard surface .
&quot; perhaps all hockey players returning from the nhl complained to me that they were sleepless . &quot;
&quot; their battered shoulders , heels and hips needed the mattress to be softened with a layer of lazy foam . &quot;
&quot; those are recommended even for people with diabetes who have a nervous system disorder , so they assume &apos; information &apos; from the joints and skin in an ill way , &quot; explains sylvia hadamczikova , who specializes in upholstered furniture .
she therefore looked for lazy foam mattresses for many hockey players , but also other customers years ago .
&quot; now it &apos;s okay , suitable mattresses can be found at tempur , italian magniflex , but also czech tropico . &quot;
you need not be an nhl guy to appreciate the lazy foam .
this &quot; miracle &quot; works in a simple manner .
optimizes its rigidity and shape by the heat absorbed or adapts to your body warm .
you feel no press and will not keep changing position on your bed all night as if you were after a tough game .
you will just sleep better .
lazy foam also works well as a protection against pressure sores .
when choosing the size of your mattress thickness , add one foot length to your height , which is about 21-34 cm .
man and woman with a height of about 180 cm then need a bed of 210-220 cm .
the minimum width for one should be 90cm in double bed , i.e. 180 cm altogether .
in separate beds , for example for singles , it is recommended at least 120 to 140 cm .
for both usual comfort and a possible visitor .
&quot; otherwise the rule for bed width is simple : when lying on your back , you should keep your hands comfortably slightly bent at the elbow , &quot; advises ing . helena prokopová , head of the guild of upholsterers and decorators , who has addressed the issue of healthy sleep and the ergonomics of furniture for many years and teaches it to colleges .
for everyone needs their own mattress and a slatted base in a double bed , be careful to buy match the thickness of mattresses when buying them .
otherwise you will have to fit into slatted bases into different heights , which may not be possible with every frame of the bed .
foam mattress should be at least 14 cm , while the frame types with a spring framework should be at least 15 cm , including at least three centimeters count for the shaping and softening layer .
&quot; you must not feel the springs when touching the mattress with hands or sitting down on the mattress , &quot; warns helena prokopova .
each mattress requires a certain type of slatted base .
upholstered beds , where the mattress and the foundation are like conjoined siamese twins , should not appear in bedrooms .
it is hard to air the mattresses ; you can not wash the fabric either , which should be a must today .
and since we normally perspire 0.2 to 0.75 liters of sweat during the night , it is obvious that after five to seven years the mattress will resemble a large ( and clogged ) sieve .
that &apos;s why experts refuse advertising slogans of life of the mattress up to 25 years , or even a lifetime warranty .
everything has its pros and cons .
therefore , the practical advice from vendors is as follows : do not give up hygiene for mattresses with a width of 120 and 140 cm and their removable and washable cover , rather add a mattress protector , which can be easily removed and washed .
although today mattress covers are now commonly manufactured with a zip around the perimeter , so after opening you get two parts ( vital for washing and the size of washing machine ! ) , handling the larger types when removing them ( and in one person ) may remind of a match of light-weight fightnig a heavy one in the ring .
do you have a fixed plate in the bed instead of a slatted base ?
never !
if so , then only in a bed for one-night visitors .
the board should nevertheless be equipped ( if not already ) with ventilation holes and use the mattress with spring framework of a minimum height of 15 cm with springs in the bags ( from german taschenfederkern ) and a softening layer .
polyurethane mattresses should not be on such a basis .
for non-positioning slats with 14-18 blades , latex or sandwich mattresses will be suitable ( maybe a combination of latex and coconut ) , but it always pays back to get the slatted bases with larger number of blades , 28 or more , where there are double blades in the lumbar area and their stiffness can be regulated .
mattresses with spring frames should not lie on adjustable slats as they do not respond to positioning .
in addition to adjusting the stiffness of slats you can also enjoy the so-called shoulder cradle .
this is a special mounting of blades , which enables to push , or even tilt the plate so that the arm of the sleeper would nicely &quot; fit into the mattress . &quot;
for men whose shoulders are &quot; all over their back , &quot; this is certainly an important thing .
even mattress manufacturers respect it when in &quot; men &quot; mattresses they began to use the softening zone right in the shoulder area .
they also remember the women - those indulge in the softer surface of the hip area .
aileron or lamellar gratings with the so-called multi-torsion suspension are intended for the most demanding customers .
the pressure is spread into several points and the tension reduces .
but be careful when you use a wrong pillow with a correct mattress and slatted base ( large and &quot; stuffed &quot; ) , most of the &quot; pluses &quot; will disappear .
the basic rule is simple : the cushion should support the head and touch the shoulders with its corners so that the shoulder muscles could relax .
a suitable size of 50 x 60 cmis recommended , preferred for example in scandinavia .
when lying on the side , the pillow should be able to deal ( along with the shoulder cradle of the slatted bed or softened zone in the mattress ) with shoulder height .
modern mattresses do have something in common with original mattresses filled with grasses .
their manufacturers increasingly use natural materials , or at least admixtures .
there is simply an organic trend even in mattresses .
raw materials from oil , out of which polyurethane foam is made , are being replaced with natural oils , such as from soy and castor-oil plant .
it is just soy that all well-known manufacturers use now .
&quot; organic in mattresses means that the core is made of purely natural material , &quot; explains petr vasicek from the company tropico plus .
natural products are also used in the production of mattress covers , one of the first was aloe vera .
but you can also indulge in microcapsules that can release fresh scent of lavender or forest .
there is even a division for men and women .
while men are &quot; cooled &quot; by herbal extract of birch , so that the mattress cover would absorb heat and cool the body , women are on the contrary &quot; warmed &quot; by the covers .
the extract of red pepper increases circulation of blood , so the weaker sex feels warmer .
today &apos;s favorites ?
mattress made of cold foam ( with larger pores with a damaged cell structure is more breathable than regular polyurethane and has a better elasticity .
combining different stiffnesses of cold foams and &quot; lazy &quot; foam result in multi-zone mattresses that know exactly where the head should be , as well as shoulders and heels .
you will pay seven thousand crowns and above for a good quality mattress .
those that meet health parameters tend to have lower rate of vat as they are considered medical equipment .
gumotex was the first to employ this advantage in the czech republic .
it is not easy to save on the mattress and the slatted base .
sometimes you can use special offers of manufacturers or retailers , who offer two mattresses for the price of one .
for instance magniflex brand offers their duofreeze mattress with the memory foam memory sewn into the cover for 11 990 crowns .
however , you can get the second one for free .
the era of lazy or viscoelastic foams with open cell structure and high density was started by tempur material in a &quot; cosmic &quot; pace .
it was originally developed as a material for nasa because the astronauts were exposed to enormous overextertion during the start .
tempur softens when warm , but strengthens in the cold .
it is then perfectly adapted to warm human body and spreads its pressure optimally .
it is therefore ideal to prevent pressure ulcer development , but also to enhance comfort while sleeping .
viscoelastic foams are used not only for mattresses , but also medical products , such as special pillows under the feet , which mitigate the legs and venous system .
domestic producers use the foam twinsaver or eucatherm c and such .
devices for people monitoring are required by more and more parents , who want to watch their children
fear for their own child brings more people to the idea of watching them using gps .
the system originally created to search for cars could also monitor the movement of people and thus should help in cases such as the disappearance of nine-year-old annie janatková .
the facility is currently of the size of a matchbox , but it may soon be as big as a watch .
many people have been scared by the case of missing annie and thus began to search for ways to protect their children better .
even at the cost of disruption to their privacy .
&quot; we say to all that it is not spying , but a means to further reduce the probability that a tragedy happens , &quot; said petr pilin of the macro weil , one of the suppliers of surveillance equipment on the czech market .
&quot; i admit that under certain circumstances it may lead to misuse of such equipment , if they are put in a bag of someone who does not know it , but we have not seen such cases yet . &quot;
&quot; most customers actually buy it for security reasons , &quot; he added .
according to him , the child should always know for what the purpose of the &quot; box &quot; is and how it is used in an emergency .
child psychologist dana bočková points out that if a child does not want to wear something like that , it will just get rid of it .
&quot; even very young children show great creativity how to lose some things on purpose if they do not want to be under control . &quot;
&quot; great parents &apos; expectations were fueled by cell phones before , but those can be switched off as well as this tracking device , &quot; says bočková .
according to her it is questionable whether , in the event of an attack such a device would really help .
&quot; as for the upcoming kidnapping , the perpetrator almost always ensures that the child should not carry any electronics that might reveal his position . &quot;
&quot; it &apos;s the phone now . &quot;
&quot; when tracking devices get more common , they will look for those , because their sales will certainly be supported by massive advertising . &quot;
&quot; in this case , the criminals are always one step ahead of police , &quot; says the psychologist .
she admits , however , that similar devices may help in case of sudden attack by a pedophile .
according to robert cech of rc monitoring company that provides tracking services for both cars and for people , even when there is an attack and immediate destruction of the tracking device , its presence can help .
&quot; the device can be set to send regular position report after a certain period of time . &quot;
&quot; if it becomes damaged , we will have at least the last position of the person . &quot;
&quot; the more expensive devices have in-built and tiltmeters , so even if one just skids and remains lying motionless , the device immediately sends a warning with location , &quot; says czech .
according to him a similar service may be provided by smart mobile phones with navigation , where it is enough to load a special software .
the problem of current surveillance units lies in the fact that it is either a device similar to pendants of matchbox size or smaller mobile phones .
there is always the risk of their loss .
according to pilin from the macro weil company a device that looks like a conventional digital watch is now being tested .
&quot; this will be the biggest advantage that the aggressor may not even recognize the tracking device at all . &quot;
&quot; or they recognize it after some time and it may give the police extra time , &quot; he adds .
whether you the tracking devices develop into bracelets or pendants , they are still using the same technology as that used for monitoring vehicles .
it is a combination of location detection via gps ( used by regular car navigation ) and the functions of a mobile phone , which reports the current vehicle position .
the army has enough igniter cord to wind the whole of czech republic . but they will expire in only two years .
czech army has purchased 445 kilometers of cords , which detonate explosives .
already last year the ministry of defence delivered 224 km of the cords lines into the warehouses .
the army thus has reserves for 225 years .
the problem is that life of the lines is two to four years .
the army purchased the detonating cords from stv group , inc. for czk 40 million .
the general staff provided the reasoning for buying such a huge quantity of igniter cords to mf dnes stating that soldiers use 60 km of igniter cords in training per year .
calculations of army bomb disposal experts that the mf dnes approached imply that it would be a very intense pyrotechnic training that would be undergone also by all the generals every year , along with the officers of the army , secretaries and cleaners .
defense minister alexandr vondra and army commander vlastimil pick included .
only thus could be the army annual consumption of sixty kilometers of igniter cords justified .
this period corresponds to 25,000 explosions .
and even if it were true , the army reserves would be enough for more than ten years .
however , if the basic training of any new professional actually needed just two meters of the igniter cord , as the experts say , then the army has ensured by the purchase - even with increased consumption by engineer or special units - the stock for the above 225 years .
rapid deployment brigade soldiers personally complained recently to the minister vondra that they have almost no ammunition for small arms and so shootings are limited due to shortage of money .
not mentioning the lack of underwear .
&quot; i do not understand either , that they buy so many igniter cords from us repeatedly . &quot;
&quot; but it &apos;s their decision , and they certainly know what they will use them for . &quot;
&quot; for us , the army is a good customer , whose demands we try to meet as retailers , &quot; says the sales manager of stv group , jan děcký .
defense ministry spokesman jan pejsek reasons for the purchased hundreds of kilometers of cords by creation reserves of such &quot; munitions &quot; for ten years at least .
jan děcký of stv group , however , speaks only of the four-year life of the cords and police or army deminers even of mere two years .
&quot; if stored under perfect conditions , it can be even four , &quot; said one , who as a soldier does not want to disclose the name when criticizing the military .
after expiry date any ammunition must be carefully tested for reliability to make sure it does not endanger the life of soldiers .
these tests are not free and it cost more money .
another argument of the ministry is the quantity discount on 445 km of the ignition cords .
&quot; it cost us about sixty percent less than last year &apos;s supply of two hundred forty-four kilometers , &quot; says the speaker pejsek the opinion of buyers of the ministry of defence .
just for comparison : annual consumption of firing lines of police deminers who destroy munitions from world war ii and the one left after the soviet army has not exceeded 1500 meters for several years .
a police orders only such amount of the ammunition that would be used before its expiration .
it paid back for the safety of deminers and the flexibility to acquire more modern and thus more reliable types of lines .
ministry of defence has already considerable problems with the liquidation of tens of thousand tons of ammunition from the times of the warsaw pact , when the two-hundred-thousand czechoslovak army was preparing to set off for the rhine .
the czech one , according to the pyrotechnicians approached by mf dnes , will face the same problem in a few years : they will dispose of hundreds of kilometers of old igniter cords that are currently &quot; cheaply &quot; purchased .
to this day i use the contacts i gained through the competition
winning the prize in the entrepreneur of the year helped lukas pytloun sell the franchise of his hotel .
the winner of last year &apos;s entrepreneur of the year was a twenty-eight-year-old entrepreneur lukas pytloun from liberec .
his success story is much like one from a movie .
lukáš pytloun liked to travel .
and abroad he realized that liberec lacks quality accommodation at a reasonable price .
using his savings from foreign part-time jobs and a bank loan he purchased a ruined house with five apartments .
it was a great courage considering that at that time he was still a student of the third year at university .
&quot; the ratio between quality and price of accommodation of the time in our country made me i try to do something , &quot; says lukas pytloun .
the first renovated apartment he rented to foreign workers .
all profits were invested back into the house , which he gradually remodeled into a boarding house with 54 beds .
since then , he has managed to gradually open four guest houses in liberec within the seven years of his business , along with two stylish restaurants and two hotels with a total capacity of 300 beds across all categories of accommodation .
until recently , the most comfortable one was pytloun four-star design hotel .
this year another one was open , equally good .
&quot; we have signed a contract with a hotel in ostrov u tise , where we sold our franchise concept and others interested in the pytloun hotel franchise are applying , &quot; says last year &apos;s number one trader .
&quot; and the sale of the license to operate the hotel was very much influenced just by winning the competition entrepreneur of the year , &quot; appreciatively adds pytloun .
the victory brought more reputation and popularity in liberec and its surroundings .
&quot; people recognized me in the streets , often additionally congratulated me and i must say it felt good , &quot; he recalls .
he strongly encourages all who are eager to try something to participate in the competition .
it is not necessary to win , any visibility is good .
he says he still draws on contacts and acquaintances , which would perhaps not get otherwise .
&quot; with some i &apos;ve met through the competition , i started a regular business . &quot;
in his opinion , the glory associated with the success landed a bit on each employee .
and there are about seventy of them .
&quot; i see them show greater loyalty and pride that they are involved in something that gained universal recognition . &quot;
&quot; it &apos;s much more than just my personal success , as it is the result of good work of all of us together . &quot;
&quot; only my name is thrust into the forefront , &quot; says lukáš pytloun modestly today .
i wish my successor quieter year than we had in farmet
euphoria of victory was quickly replaced by the effects of the crisis .
with self-discipline of the winner farmet has already overcome bad times .
prize for the first place in last year &apos;s vodafone competition company of the year was in the slav house collected by the owner of farmet company , karel žďárský .
the jury then appreciated the efforts by which a small tool workshop in ceska skalice grew into a business with hundred-million turnovers .
&quot; i can say that the award encouraged not only me but all my colleagues and increased our confidence for battles with the competition , &quot; says the last-year winner today .
in the early history of the farmet company there was a desire to do something useful .
and so , when the state offered the father of charles žďárského to rent a small workshop to compensate for the communists-confiscated property , he did not hesitate any long , rejected a career in the company , where he was working , and with a few friends around his father he founded the company producing plastic tubs .
soon after that they began to specialize in vegetable oil presses .
after eighteen years , they became the largest manufacturer of automatic presses in central europe .
greater awareness among the general public was won after the success in the competition through the media .
&quot; not only our customers have begun to perceive the brand farmet much better , but also foreign partners have begun to appreciate that they work with a company that has achieved greater success in its home country , &quot; says karel žďárský .
last year , however , was not only full of the euphoria of victories in farmet .
awards were based on firm economic performance until 2008 and only partly from 2009 .
and just 2009 was the toughest year for the sale of engineering goods .
crisis was at its very peak , not touching so many people yet , but companies had stopped their investment projects and began to restrict purchases of new machinery and technology .
&quot; the situation obviously did not spare us . &quot;
&quot; sales fell by 40 percent , we had to restrict production and even discharge employees , &quot; explains karel žďárský .
a viable company must be able to take even such unpopular measures sometimes .
however , they managed and retained the profit , even though lower than before the crisis .
however , what farmet would not compromise , is the investment in research and development .
&quot; with the help of subsidies we have built a research and training center , we have enhanced our presentation at international fairs , won major awards in local exhibitions , &quot; says žďárský .
the crisis seems to be behind them .
revenues are growing again and so is the number of new employees .
&quot; i wish the nice feeling of victory to the new winner , but in a more peaceful atmosphere , &quot; says karel žďárský .
survey that removes absurd regulations
poll of the absurdities is a part of the business competition for the fourth time .
some ridiculous regulations have are already been removed .
infamous winner of next year &apos;s poll of absurdities was the absurd obligation to bring documents that are accessible for officials online to the authorities .
it was chosen by more than a third of almost four thousand votes .
for example , social security administration required a paper certificate of incorporation , although the officer can obtain one by two clicks of a mouse .
thanks to the poll , this will change .
&quot; the czech social security administration will not require the certificate of incorporation from for controls of contributors , &quot; said spokesman jana buráňová of cssa .
to crack down on all the rules and regulations that companies and businesses in the czech republic must meet , and remove those that lack sense , is the essence of the poll of absurdities .
this is the fourth time this year , it has been a part of the business competition , held by hospodářské noviny and it is becoming increasingly popular among the public .
if about three thousand voters were involved in the vote last year , there were nearly four thousand voters earlier this year .
and not surprisingly , there are still many legal obligations , which only serve to delay the business .
&quot; for instance in the number of papers required for tax returns we keep the top places in the world , &quot; said karel havlicek of the association of small and medium-sized enterprises and crafts in cr .
simplification of business has in recent years become a stated objective of all governments .
but compared with the rest of the world the situation has not really improved in the czech republic .
according to the world bank , in terms of business conditions the czech republic was ranked 74th position ; it is eight points less than last year .
the poll of absurdities was first launched in 2006 and takes place every year under the same scenario .
anyone may propose administrative and bureaucratic nonsenses every year from april to september , when is there is the deadline for the competition .
in order to sign for the competition , website hyperlink &quot; http : / / www.firmaroku.cz &quot; is to be used . organizer then chooses the seven candidates for the &quot; anti-award &quot; and allows the public vote for it in october at the website www.firmaroku.cz / absurdita and www.ihned.cz.
the absurdity that gets most votes wins .
in this survey more than a hundred , 105 to be precise , meaningless rules and regulations were filed .
tips were received from entrepreneurs , but also professional associations and journalists .
among the &quot; finalists &quot; of the contest was for instance the requirement that the trucks for maintenance of highways were to pay road-tolls , or that businesses with twenty employees , two offices and two toilets had those painted every two years .
the list of this year &apos;s seven proposals is posted on the website of the contest .
announcement of the competition , which always takes place in early november on wenceslas square in prague is part of the hapenning , regularly attended by personalities of the political and social life .
this year , for example , the finale of the competition was assisted by eva svobodova , director of the association of small and medium-sized enterprises and crafts in cr and petr kuzel , president of the chamber of commerce in cr .
&quot; economic prosperity can not work where the state is throwing business in its own foot , so my goal is to annually remove at least three dozen paragraphs , which today only unnecessarily complicate the business , &quot; said minister of industry and trade martin kocourek .
efforts to abolish meaningless regulations has rather positive load .
in 2007 most people were against the obligation of a business to report their intention to take part at the exhibition or fair with their stand three days ahead to the trade office at the place where its permanent establishment is located .
this has been removed by an amendment to the trade act .
the second most voted obligation in 2007 , which was reporting a business trip of foreign staff lasting up to 30 days to the labour office , was removed by the so-called green card act .
and last but not least .
absurdity of 2009 was the obligation of physiotherapists to have a large mirror , a refrigerator and two stepping scales in the office .
it was mitigated by the ministry of health this year - the obligation to have a refrigerator has been removed .
new category recognizes socially responsible companies
environmental , humanitarian , educational and sports projects are considered .
new in the fifth year of hn daily competition is the category called the responsible company in 2010 .
the mission of this competition is to promote reasonable and fair business .
&quot; we want this to support companies that reflect their business &quot; impact on the environment and encourage socially responsible activities , &quot; says patrik bartholdy , regional manager of vodafone mobile operator company , which is the promoter and guarantor of the competition , as well as in the case of the rebel competition .
in the first year of this special subcategory of the main vodafone competition company of the year 2010 , companies , for whom success in business is not the only long-term goal , signed for the competition .
each story is very inspirational and would be enough for a separate article .
although the nature of their activities varies considerably , the common denominator of their efforts may be the support and thoughtfulness .
in one case , for example , it relates to people with disabilities and elsewhere to personal problems or health of their employees .
among the fourteen finalists in cr we find a prague-located software company et netera who supports the creation of informal sports teams of staff which then participate in a number of tournaments in different sports .
another example of a responsible company from the pardubice region is the company isolit-bravo , who has been a major contributor to the endowment fund for handicapped children for seventeen years .
old mill of podebrady then takes care of their disabled employees , who are more than 70 percent of the whole staff , and was thus awarded with the title of responsible company in the central bohemia region and won the third place in the vodafone competition company of the year .
in the olomouc region the award was received by miryz soft accounting firm , which has introduced flexible working hours in addition to the reduced average 35 hours per week but did not reduce salary proportionately .
the title was also awarded to the company because they preferably buy from czech manufacturers , promote civic activities in the neighborhood and protect the environment .
&quot; we try to recycle as much as possible so that our business and our administration had the least impact on the environment , &quot; explains the executive miluse ryznarová .
responsible it company enlogit in the ústí region then thinks about the health of its employees , and for each laptop purchased they bought ergonomic chairs and keyboards , support their work from home and use catering services provided by a local sheltered workshop for their corporate events .
&quot; in addition , we support the people in need foundation , which helps the local roma community in particular , &quot; says company representative ondrej suchy .
finally , worth noting is also the activity of praní a čištění company of the karlovy vary region , which contributes its employees with bonuses to their pension schemes .
&quot; we provide allowanced for meals , transport , upskilling and recreation , &quot; says josef strapáč from bruntál czasch construction company , the winner in the moravia-silesian region .
for the responsible company of the year category were automatically enrolled all regional finalists of vodafone company of the year competition , who answered the questionnaire attached to the application and sent it to organizers until 15 august .
incorrectly filled or incomplete answers to the questionnaire were then excluded from the evaluation by the organizer .
&quot; if the representatives of competing companies failed to answer the questions , they could not attend the responsible company of the year competition , but are not disqualified from the &quot; main &quot; vodafone competition company of the year . &quot;
&quot; single sign just for this competition is not possible because it is a subcategory of the main competition company of the year , &quot; explains karel goldman of the organizing agency bison &amp; rose .
police made arrests at the land fund in plzen during the tendering procedure
in recent days the anti-corruption police made arrests at the building of the land fund in pilsen .
handcuffs were put by detectives to a local entrepreneur in the media sector and real estate dealer , luboš g.
he allegedly attempted to manipulate the current tender for the settlement of restitution claims , so that the land offered was awarded to a particular candidate .
he was supposed to pay half a million to luboš g.
so far i can only confirm that the police prosecute one person for the offense of fraudulent manipulation of public procurement and public tenders , &quot; said the head of pilsner prosecution antonie zelená to pravo , adding that the additional details with respect to ongoing investigations can not be released .
the 46-year-old entrepreneur was released by police after 24 hours .
due to a low of official information we can only speculate how one could manipulate the tender .
a spokesman of the land fund lubomíra černá replied to the question by pravo that police actually made arrests at a detached workplace in plzen , namely during the public tendering procedure .
&quot; it was a client , not our employee , &quot; she said .
the public tender , according to ms. cerna , is called &quot; invitation to tender for the transfer of land rights under the lands act &quot; and takes place when more eligible candidates are interested in the land offered .
&quot; these people within the call offer a higher value of their restitution claims to be settled by the transfer than the announced value of the land . &quot;
&quot; by the claims offered the order of the acquirers is set and land fund then transfers the land to the person who offered the highest claims , &quot; said fund spokesman .
mr luboš g. probably had information , who replied to the call , and since he is also a beneficiary , because he has bought a number of restitution claims , he suggested to another candidate not to participate .
the candidate probably received financial compensation .
that would explain that he was detained with such a large sum of money .
lubos g had superior contacts to lf already in the past .
he figured in the case of former chief of lf vaclav sankot , who was prosecuted for transferring lands in the substitutional land restitution , on which a decision on the location of a building has already been issued .
it was just then when mr lubos g. acquired lands intended for the construction of public roads from the fund , particularly at the point where the driveway was to be built to the industrial zone borska pole .
later , he very conveniently exchanged those with the city for a house in the historic town center , which had a much higher value .
town hall had to accept it then , because otherwise it would block the construction by blocking the lands .
households will pay extra hundreds for housing a month
households will have to pay more since january , not only for all types of energy , but also for water and sewerage , heating supplies , and rents will rise in certain areas .
families will have to pull out monthly hundreds more from purses from january .
the price of electricity will be raised up by 4.6 percent ; gas will be about 2 percent more expensive , in some towns you will have to pay extra for water by up to a tenth and supply of central heating will often be more expensive .
electricity price increase should cost houshould s in the flats hundreds of crowns a year more than now .
prices of power energy were reduced by all the major suppliers at the same time ; a significant increase in support for the production of energy from renewable sources , especially photovoltaics , is to blame then .
although gas will only be slightly more expensive , it will happen when most people are heating their flats and thus have the highest consumption .
annually they must then also take extra costs in account .
while electricity and gas will be more expensive across the country , central heating price change varies from place to place .
price increase is planned mainly in larger municipalities .
for example , households in pardubice and hradec kralove will pay since january for central heating about czk 50 per month extra , families in liberec will pay extra czk 1,000 a year .
residents of prague may have more expensive water and sewer by more than 9 percent , in the event that the city increases the rent of the infrastructure .
if the rent does not change , prague residents will pay extra 6.8 percent .
price in prague , however , will still be in a nationwide comparison rather low .
in the north bohemia , where prices are already among the highest , the water rate should increase by about 7.4 percent .
for example , the price of rent in 450 thousands of rental apartments , where regulation ends in january , may significantly increase .
for example , cpi byty , which in usti nad labem owns about 2,500 apartments , plans to raise the rent from january by up to one hundred percent .
the company intends to bring to the court those who will not accept the new rents .
regulated rents paid by people in approximately 300 thousand apartments could increase by up to ten percent next year .
czech children get drunk with fernet and rum . beer is out of fashion , it works slowly .
fernet , rum , vodka , exceptionally better brand of whiskey stolen from parents .
these are the drinks , after which most often drunks not even of the age of fifteen end in physicians &quot; care .
children who are treated for drunkenness at the hospital repeatedly are not an exception .
this follows the experience of physicians who are confronted with similar cases in the admissions of patients to children departments of hospitals .
&quot; beer or wine is completely unfashionable , as it takes a long time before they get drunk . &quot;
&quot; liquor is the trend of today , that is for sure , &quot; said the head of children &apos;s ward in horovice hospital in central bohemia , ludek pelican to pravo .
&quot; if they can pull out a bottle of their father from the closet , it is usually the whiskey , but otherwise fernet and vodka dominate . &quot;
&quot; vodka has the advantage that it is served in juice and they may not smell so badly then , &quot; said the head physician .
and this is confirmed by the speaker of the faculty hospital motol , eva jurinová .
&quot; it is fernet or rum most often . &quot;
&quot; it is today a modern spirit , especially in primary schools . &quot;
&quot; in some cases , it was a plum brandy , which they have brought from home , &quot; said jurinová .
according to the head physician pelikán are thirteen- or fourteen-year-old drinkers admitted to hospital a relatively common phenomenon .
before hořovice , where he has been since this year , he worked for ten years just in pediatrics department in motol , where ambulances bring befuddled schoolchildren from the surrounding area .
&quot; one girl was admitted to our hospital four times . &quot;
&quot; she started her career at the age of twelve , when she was brought to us with a 3.5 per mille of alcohol in the blood , in addition in combination with ecstasy , &quot; the doctor describes a particularly serious case .
&quot; she had attended a dance party and vystaviste . &quot;
&quot; it is interesting that her mother did not find at all strange that she had not seen her daughter for 48 hours , &quot; said the chief physician .
it is the disinterest of parents or even their considerable tolerance to drinking problems of their own offspring is considered a major cause of increasing children boozing .
it is however not an addiction in the true sense in the case of children according to experts .
&quot; under the term alcoholic we understand a multi-year chronic addiction to alcohol with all the related phenomena , which does not apply to children . &quot;
&quot; for those who use alcohol frequently , it is more associated with unsuccessful family-social background , &quot; said the head physician pelikan .
according to spokeswoman jurinová about forty drunken children have this year been hospitalized at the pediatric clinic in motol until mid-november .
the statistics , however , receive only those with severe intoxication who had to stay in the hospital .
child drunks , who are taken home after outpatient treatment by their parents or the police , are not counted .
except where kids just sit around after school and drink a bottle of brandy , according to pelikan , there are three seasonal fluctuations , which one can rely on : witch feast , new year and the end of the school year .
&quot; it &apos;s either to wash down the sadness from bad school report , conversely , to celebrate the start of the holiday . &quot;
&quot; but i experienced seven drunk children admitted to hospital at the same time during the witch feast &quot; said pelikan .
the drunk , who spends the night with detoxification under medical supervision , is paradoxically in an advantage compared to that one at home , who suffers from unpleasant hangover the next day .
morning headaches caused by dehydration and lack of glucose are prevented by irrigation infusion with glucose and nutrients that the body is lacking .
&quot; they are actually doing better because they have the beautiful evening experience and a good wake up when nothing hurts . &quot;
&quot; only they are confused about where they are , &quot; said pelikan , adding that he sometimes spoils the pleasant mood of the patients by at least a list of costs that their treatment required .
transport by ambulance and being hospitalized on an acute bed costs thousands of crowns .
&quot; sometimes i used this as an educational measure , when i directly to those children calculated how much it cost that they became drunk , and that they could also spend the summer working to make money to cover this one party , &quot; said pelikan .
insurance companies , however , do not take regression procedures in which the parents should cover the cost of treatment in cases of child drunks .
two l-159 aircrafts are in foreign hands for the first time in spain
two l-159 of a total of five pieces for which the czech defense ministry has exchanged transport aircraft casa c-295m , flew on tuesday to seville , where is based the manufacturer of casa aircrafts - eads .
it is the first time that aircrafts of this type appeared in the possession of someone else than the czech army .
they have only been abroad for training and demonstration flights .
it is a two-seat version of the l-159t1 aircraft , which has been operated by czech army and were airworthy .
the remaining three are single-l-159 .
those are still standing in aero vodochody and the broker - the company omnipol - took them over only last week .
it has not been released when the aircrafts will physically leave vodochody , according to jan pejsek of the press department of ministry of defense .
&quot; single-seat l-159 have been allocated for the exchange from long-stored aircraft , and without any deposits and investments by the ministry . &quot;
&quot; two-seat l-159t1 aircrafts were exchanged in the current condition and form , &quot; pejsek told pravo .
he added that the army will not be left without a two-seat aircraft , because in may 2009 the ministry signed a contract worth 200 million crowns with aero vodochody for the reconstruction of four redundant l-159 machines into two two-seat machines .
one new aircraft was taken by the army in july ; the other will be taken over until the end of this year .
according to pejsek eads has committed to enforce the aircraft as equipment to some alliance countries .
&quot; the contract clearly states that the purchaser of the l-159 is the eads company and they will be used for training pilots from nato countries . &quot;
&quot; how to implement this thing is therefore an issue for customers &quot; said pejsek .
hospodářské noviny recently reported that the spanish army is not interested in l-159 .
the exchange of five l-159 aircrafts for one casa aircraft and purchase of three more aircrafts worth 3.5 billion was approved by government of mirek topolanek last year .
ministry of defence did not organize any tender for the purchase and addressed eads directly .
the former leadership of ministry of defense argued that the exchange would promote further exports of l-159 abroad .
czech army has purchased 72 aircrafts from aero and uses only 24 ; they would like to sell the remaining ones .
purchase of casa aircrafts will probably have judicial implications .
the european commission has sued the czech ministry of defence at the european court because the aircrafts were to be selected on the basis of a european tender and not addressing only one manufacturer .
the army has already acquired three casa aircrafts , the last one should arrive in prague , airport kbely , within a fortnight .
having index finger longer than ring finger indicates a lower risk of cancer
men who have a longer index finger than ring finger are at lower risk of prostate cancer .
it is a surprising conclusion of a study published on wednesday by the british journal of cancer .
this may be related to the level of the male hormone testosterone .
&quot; our results show that the relative finger length may serve as a simple test for prostate cancer risk , especially for a man up to 60 years , &quot; said study &apos;s co-author ros eeles , professor at the institute for cancer research at the university of warwick .
the finger could then help determine which men should undergo tests for prostate cancer , particularly in combination with genetic risk or other threatening factors such as family health burden , she said .
in the period 1994-2009 she along with her colleagues monitored more than 1,500 patients with prostate cancer in britain and in parallel over three thousand healthy men .
more than a half of the study participants had a shorter index finger on their right hand than their ring finger .
the same probability of prostate cancer applied to them as for 19 percent of those whose fingers were of equal length .
for those who have the index finger longer than ring finger this risk decreased by 33 percent , while for men up to their sixties it was even an 87 percent decline .
the ratio of the length of those two fingers - formed in the prenatal period - probably reflects different levels of sex hormones to which the child is exposed in the womb .
less testosterone corresponds to a longer index finger .
previous studies have shown that it is the testosterone that supports prostate cancer development .
leading geneticist and former czech president of academy of sciences professor vaclav paces said for čtk that he knows about the study but in his opinion the relationship between the length of the fingers and the cancer does not seem to be &quot; fully proven . &quot;
the czech republic is covered with snow , d1 and d5 are closed
czech republic , like most of europe , woke up covered in snow on thursday morning .
the roads and pavements are mostly covered with compacted snow , in many places road maintenance stuff drove all night .
d5 between the 89th and 93rd kilometer in the direction of rozvadov has been closed in the morning due to several accidents of trucks and passenger cars and d1 is also blocked in the direction from brno to prague .
news were informed by the central dispatcher of automotoklub ( uamk ) .
at the 91st kilometer truck crashed , at the 93rd kilometer two trucks collided , the accident included injury .
also several cars ended up in a ditch .
problems are also on the d1 highway at the 185th kilometer in the direction of prague .
two trucks have collided there .
drivers should leave the highway just after brno at the 190th kilometer or go through brno and drive back to the highway at the 182nd kilometer at kývalka .
there are car queues several kilometers long .
also , there is an accident at d11 , at the very arrival in prague .
there is a layer of snow , several centimeters thick , in prague , the thermometer shows minus seven degrees celsius .
there are queues of cars in prosek , štěrboholská is also blocked .
the most reliable means of transport is the subway .
trams run delayed between charles square and namesti miru .
at eight in the morning prague emergency staff should meet once again .
also railways and airports must are facing the problems .
czech railways have had to cancel seven fast train connections due to snow .
there are problems with the railway line from prague to kralupy or from prague to beroun .
passengers should check the current situation .
ruzyne airport was closed from 11 pm wednesday night to 5 a.m ..
most of the roads in southern moravia are now passable , but only with caution .
there are three impassable side roads in the vyškov area , there is loads of snow in the brno area and snow chains are necessary for travelling on certain communications in higher parts of blansko region .
the most affected sites included the vyskov area .
there are closed roads still : rousínov - slavkov , bohdalice - kučerov and also šaratice - milešovice .
for their extension routers will be deployed .
it is impossible to estimate when they will be passable again .
in the hodonin area , caution is necessary when travelling in the white carpathians .
on roads that are there in order to protect the environment just kept passable with inert fill , there is a 5-centimeter layer of snow , said čtk .
in the czech republic from two to ten centimeters of snow has fallen , most in northern bohemia , often up to 18 centimeters .
in the moravia-silesian region about 15 centimeters of snow has occurred .
snowfall in the czech republic gradually ceases .
american troops have a new &quot; smart weapon &quot;
the u.s. army deployed a new &quot; smart weapon &quot; in afghanistan , known so far only by a codename xm-25 .
the generals hope that the new automatic rifle will affect the conflict with the taliban and &quot; change the game &quot; in their favor .
the new weapon is like a superaccurate small cannon .
their projectile is directed by a laser to hit within a few meters .
special ammunition caliber 25 mm , designed for this rifle and containing high explosive , in fact , act like little grenades .
the projectiles can be programmed to explode when hitting the target , but at any point of their ballistic path .
they can be used against an enemy who is hiding behind a barrier , behind walls or in trenches .
these are usually not protected from the above , and if hit by the rain of deadly shards of steel , they may not fight any more .
according to richard audetta who participated in the development of xm-25 rifle , it is a new first weapon for the infantry , which uses &quot; smart &quot; technology .
&quot; the soldier basically operates it as follows : they find a target , it sends a laser beam to determine the distance and thus the precise explanation of the point , they adjust the elevation and squeeze the trigger . &quot;
&quot; let &apos;s say that you have obtained 543 meters . &quot;
&quot; when you squeeze the trigger , the gun charges , and fires a missile at a distance of 543 meters plus or minus one , two or three meters , &quot; said audette .
400 jobs relocated
the fujitsu corporation is relocating its bad homburg office to frankfurt .
in july of next year , 400 employees will move from the current office building on marienbad square in bad homburg to frankfurt &apos;s astro park .
the japanese fujitsu corporation is relocating its bad homburg office to frankfurt .
the industry giant in computers and computer maintenance announced on wednesday that 400 men and women are to move from the current office building on marienbad square in bad homburg to frankfurt &apos;s astro park in july of next year . the astro park is a large office complex on lyon street in frankfurt &apos;s niederrad district .
a spokeswoman for fujitsu explained that , in the medium term , a further 100 corporation employees currently spread across the region will join the frankfurt office .
the rental offer had been extremely attractive and the open-plan office in the astro park was better suited to the way employees actually work , the spokeswoman added .
fujitsu had also only been renting the office in bad homburg .
the manager responsible for the move , bernd wagner , said , &quot; in frankfurt niederrad , we have found a central location with outstanding infrastructure . &quot;
the excellent connection to the airport was of particular significance to a global company such as fujitsu , he added .
yesterday the coming relocation of an important company within the region was a cause for joy among the winners and disappointment among the losers .
markus frank ( cdu ) , head of frankfurt &apos;s department of economic affairs , said the city had once again attracted a global player ,
which was a &quot; fantastic acknowledgement of the city . &quot;
he believed the city would suit fujitsu and that the move would be a significant boost for niederrad .
michael korwisi ( greens ) , mayor of bad homburg , expressed his regret at fujitsu &apos;s decision .
he said the city had been informed of the intended move by the company &apos;s management board well in advance .
&quot; we offered the company our help , as a matter of course , &quot; said korwisi .
the amicable meetings , however , had no effect on the difficulties between the computer manufacturer and the landlord for the property on marienbad square .
economic reasons had finally tipped the balance .
korwisi now wants to focus on preventing such a prominent location from remaining vacant long-term .
&quot; i hope the building &apos;s owner and landlord will cooperate . &quot;
the building previously used by fujitsu on the town hall square and the neighbouring low-rise &quot; kleine vertikale &quot; were among a number of buildings on marienbad square that were part of the controversial building project by the spa town ten years ago .
the joint project between the city and a private project developer served to create a new entrance into the city between the train station and town hall , which attracted criticism on account of the massive scale of development over areas previously partly used for parking , and on account of the height of the buildings .
in 2001 , three companies moved in : feri , the investment consultancy management and rating company , start amadeus , the travel sales and marketing systems software manufacturer , and fujitsu , the computer maker ( still linked to siemens at the time ) .
the buildings used by fujitsu were purchased in 2006 by the frankfurt-based dic group and the morgan stanley real estate fund and sold on to spanish falcon real estate investments sa in madrid one year later .
the tokyo-based fujitsu corporation sells itself as the third largest it provider in the world .
it provides companies with computers , servers and other equipment and provides necessary servicing .
the office in the rhein-main area is one of the largest in germany , although fujitsu has considerably more employees in munich .
the fujitsu subsidiary , technology solutions , is also moving from bad homburg to frankfurt ; two further subsidiaries , fujitsu services and a company named tds , will also be based in frankfurt .
7000 square metres have been rented in the astro park office building to accommodate them .
the twenty-year-old complex - its name inspired by the star-shaped ground plan - is already home to the central association of the german electrical and electronics industry ( zvei ) and other organisations .
amazon blocks server - threats against assange
wikileaks is getting into deeper and deeper waters .
the e-commerce company amazon has banned the whistleblower from its servers .
political pressure may stand behind the move following publication of hundreds of thousands of secret diplomatic dispatches .
the founder of wikileaks , assange , is believed to be in england .
the whistle blowing website , wikileaks , is increasingly under fire in the united states .
internet activists have lost access to their american server and are now looking for an internet home in europe .
the prominent american senator joe lieberman called upon other countries and companies to boycott wikileaks .
in the meantime , a newspaper report suggests wikileaks founder julian assange , who is on interpol &apos;s wanted list , is currently in great britain .
&quot; wikileaks forced off amazon servers . &quot;
&quot; free speech in the land of the free , &quot; said the whistle blowing activists on wednesday ( local time ) via the twitter messaging service .
a short while previously , the internet company amazon had banned wikileaks documents from its servers .
the internet activists had used the amazon web service ( aws ) to publish secret diplomatic dispatches in order to be able to cope with the high number of people accessing the documents .
wikileaks discussed the step on twitter : &quot; great - we &apos;ll spend our dollars employing people in europe instead . &quot;
if amazon had issues with freedom of speech , &quot; it should give up selling books . &quot;
amazon stopped wikileaks using its servers after colleagues of senator joe lieberman started to investigate , reported the broadcaster cnn , quoting lieberman &apos;s office .
the chairman of the senate committee on homeland security and governmental affairs had threatened to boycott amazon , reported the british newspaper &quot; the guardian . &quot;
&quot; i would have liked to see amazon take this step earlier , considering the previous publication of classified information by wikileaks , &quot; said the senator .
lieberman also called on other countries to cooperate in preventing wikileaks from finding new servers .
&quot; wikileaks &quot; illegal , outrageous , and reckless acts have compromised our national security and put lives at risk around the world , &quot; the non-party senator stated in a statement .
&quot; no responsible company - whether american or foreign - should assist wikileaks in its efforts to disseminate these stolen materials . &quot;
wikileaks founder assange , who is wanted by swedish authority on suspicion of rape , is on interpol &apos;s wanted list .
according to a report in the london-based newspaper &quot; the independent , &quot; the 39-year-old australian is currently in the uk , and scotland yard is aware of his exact location .
the internet activist has always described the swedish investigations as a scheme orchestrated by his detractors .
in london , wikileaks spokesman kristinn hrafnsson said that threats had been made .
&quot; there have even been calls to assassinate julian assange . &quot;
hrafnsson said that assange was therefore afraid for his personal safety .
the wikileaks founder will remain in hiding .
hrafnsson was clearly reacting to statements from north america .
in america , the former republican governor of arkansas , mike huckabee , had called for the people responsible for the wikileaks revelations to be indicted and executed for treason .
in canada , one of prime minister stephen harper &apos;s advisers ironically suggested on television that assange should be &quot; killed &quot; and that obama could &quot; use a drone . &quot;
in the meantime , exchanges have been made between the white house and assange .
robert gibbs , the speaker of american president barack obama , said that it was &quot; ridiculous and absurd &quot; that assange had demanded the resignation of secretary of state hillary clinton if she is found responsible for recently revealed requests to diplomats to engage in espionage .
&quot; i &apos;m not entirely sure why we care about the opinion of a guy with a website , &quot; said gibbs .
&quot; our foreign policy and the interests of this country are far stronger than his one website . &quot;
the american government is currently carrying out a comprehensive review of the security of its databases .
russell travers , deputy director of the information division at the national anti-terrorism centre , has been appointed as a special representative , the white house announced .
travers will be responsible for developing the &quot; necessary structural reforms &quot; that are now needed following the disclosure of diplomatic dispatches by wikileaks .
the white house also wants to look at how the entire government exchanges and protects information .
the american government also expressed its concern for the safety of dissidents and activists who may be put at risk by the wikileaks publication .
&quot; we have done everything to contact them , &quot; said states department spokesman philip crowley .
&quot; we are ready to protect them if that becomes necessary . &quot;
the ice cream university
ice cream confectioners are being trained for the warm seasons at the &quot; gelato university &quot; in bologna .
the three-day foundation course for future &quot; gelatieri &quot; is the largest course , and welcomes visitors from all over the world .
where does all that ice cream actually come from ?
from the &quot; gelatiere &quot; and the &quot; gelataio . &quot;
the &quot; gelatiere , &quot; known in english as the old-fashioned &quot; ice cream confectioner , &quot; produces the cream following the rules of the italian art of ice cream making .
the &quot; gelataio &quot; gets the ice cream out of the refrigerated counter with a spatula , smoothes it into wafers and sells it .
you do not need to go to anzola dell &apos;emilia in the province of bologna to know that .
but for anyone who wants to know more about ice cream , the &quot; gelato university &quot; of the italian carpigiani company is a must .
the ice cream university was created by the manufacturer of ice cream makers in 2003 to ensure that the ice cream from all its makers met exacting italian standards .
the three-day foundation course for future &quot; gelatieri &quot; is the largest course , and welcomes visitors from all over the world .
there are also specialised courses over several days covering chocolate ice cream , and internships in the company &apos;s own ice cream parlour .
many dream of a new career to escape a mid-life crisis ; others come to test their vague aspirations against the cold facts .
this time , there are 40 participants from 19 countries and every continent - from brazil and hungary to saudi arabia .
jacky , an art teacher from california , loves the slow food movement and wants to offer a high-quality european product in a country accustomed to industrial ice cream .
anke from berlin is a management consultant and wants to do something on her own after years in a highly stressful job .
two young egyptian girls dream of opening an ice cream parlour in cairo .
one man from malta and another from brazil want to improve the quality of the ice cream in their bars - and canadian housewife julia has come because her children love italian ice cream .
maestro gelatiere luciano ferrari begins the course by describing the ideal characteristics of a perfect ice cream .
not only a good flavour , but silky softness and good texture are key .
training the course , luciano does not forget to mention the real icing on the cake for the national and thoroughly southern monolith . &quot; italian gelato is simply the best - after that , it &apos;s all just romance . &quot;
the first step of production seems very easy .
luciano pours the basic ingredients - milk , cream , powdered milk , sugar and stabilisers - into a large blender that heats the mixture to 85 degrees on an electronic programme and then immediately cools it to four degrees .
then he turns a tap on the machine and out comes a pasteurised , basic white ice cream , the basic for all milk-based ice creams .
the lecturer is immediately overwhelmed by questions . can you make ice cream using natural ingredients only without stabilisers ?
how can you experiment freely on your own ?
luciano warns against letting the spirit of the age lead you astray .
anyone who talks about making ice cream &quot; using natural ingredients only &quot; has probably used stabilisers anyway - in most cases a natural product such as guar gum from guar beans .
of course , you can make ice cream without stabilisers , but then you have to sell it within a day , as otherwise it collapses and your customer ends up licking lumps of ice .
some variations to the base are allowed .
it gets more exciting with the flavours .
for ice cream flavouring , maestro luciano differentiates between the ingredients you buy in the fruit section and in the sweet section of the supermarket .
there are also powders and pastes .
&quot; all suppliers will try to get you to get you to buy dozens of flavoured additives .
but you should just experiment . &quot;
either with fruit sorbets using sugar and fresh fruits ,
or with a white ice cream base that can be turned into yellow cream by using eggs or can be mixed with cocoa powder to form the base of all kinds of seductive chocolate .
at last the course participants are allowed onto the ice cream maker .
luciano lets each of them make four different types of vanilla , chocolate , mocha and hazelnut ice cream - with or without eggs in the base and with more or less vanilla flavouring or other natural ingredients .
the experiment is repeated with the range of fruit sorbets .
more flavourings , more fruit purée - not necessarily an improvement in taste .
hazelnut ice cream does not necessarily taste more nutty when it contains more hazelnuts .
the team that produces the most popular kiwi ice cream uses more fruit , less water and a little less of the stabiliser .
the taste of a gelato only really stands out if the mixture is balanced , says luciano .
making ice cream is a matter of arithmetic . if sugary peach purée is used , the proportion of sugar in the basic recipe has to be reduced .
an extra portion of sugar is needed for lemon ice cream .
luciano brings out a device that shows him the sugar content of the types of fruit ( vintners use it to measure the density of grape must using the oechsle scale ) .
fortunately , tables make the calculations easier .
making ice cream does not require as much physical activity as it once did .
it is not just the machine , which produces the base .
there is also a device that beats the finished ice cream mixture to a creamy consistency while cooling it to negative temperatures .
but despite all automation , minor accidents still occur .
the brazilian gustavo covers himself and his course mates from head to toe with fruit purée as he loses control of the oversized hand-held blender .
&quot; in every course , &quot; says maestro luciano , &quot; it is only a matter of time before something like this happens . &quot;
inspectors in the twilight
there are allegations that the european food safety authority ( efsa ) has been infiltrated by the genetically modified crop industry .
the testbiotech centre of expertise , which sees itself as an independent institute for assessing the impact of biotechnology , has made the accusation .
&quot; it sounds like a conspiracy theory , but we have good documentary evidence , &quot; said head of testbiotech , christoph then , in munich on wednesday .
harry kuiper , chair of efsa &apos;s expert panel responsible for the risk assessment of genetically engineered plants and another efsa expert are also believed to have been working with the lobby group ilsi for years .
ilsi receives funds from corporations such as monsanto , nestle and bayer .
kuiper has had a central role in developing the efsa test specifications for gm plants and therefore has a clear conflict of interests , says then .
in places , the efsa regulations are identical to position papers produced by ilsi and thus are being written by the very industry that the authority , based in the italian city of parma , should be controlling , argues then ,
pointing out that this is the second time testbiotech has criticised a conflict of interests .
a high-ranking efsa manager recently moved to the swiss agribusiness company syngenta without any restrictions or a transitional period being imposed , and is now on the other side of the line .
mdr radio has also recently uncovered personal connections between the eu supervisory authority and the industry lobby , which has caught the attention of the environment agency and eu parliamentarians .
however , efsa does not see any conflict of interests .
in a statement , efsa said that all significant data were considered , including data from industry , if such data were of a high professional quality .
in addition , efsa stated that it had no requirement that its panels avoid all contact with industry .
however , all members of efsa must disclose any such contact .
kuiper admits to working for the international life sciences institute ( ilsi ) in the usa .
the institute describes itself as a neutral forum for experts from science , industry and politics to assess the risks around biotechnology and other areas - without a lobbying mandate .
in this field , independent experts such as then express criticism that genetically modified plants are currently approved for animals without feeding trials and that the reaction of gm plants to environmental influences is not being investigated .
&quot; for example , we want to know what genetically modified corn does in fields , &quot; says then .
current practice is only to test isolated proteins , but not the entire gm plant , which does not provide reliable results .
&quot; if you don &apos;t look for the risks , how are you supposed to find them ? , &quot; asks then .
angelika hilbeck shares his opinion .
the scientist has been carrying out research into gm technology since 1994 and is currently working at eth zurich .
the industry is increasingly trying to influence or discredit outspokenly critical scientists in this field in europe , as in the usa , says hilbeck .
there are hardly any researchers left without ties to corporations , she believes ,
and studies criticising companies are not normally published .
&quot; the industry is controlling safety research , &quot; says hilbeck .
the trail of stones
uli gsell has got hold of some - in total , around 400 kilos .
on monday evening , he was standing in front of stuttgart train station , his tuba on his back .
there was a demonstration .
it was snowing .
the tale is a familiar one . in september , the excavators arrived and had begun to break up a large section of the north wing .
stuttgart was not the same . thousands and thousands of people demonstrated against s21 , the multi-billion euro sinking of the train station .
by the time work was suspended , a large proportion of the wing was rubble .
broken into 6000 or 7000 pieces .
crailsheim shell limestone , a crumbly coarse stone , quarried between 1914 and 1920 .
43-year-old gsell is a sculptor in ostfildern .
he got hold of a few chunks .
&quot; these stones are relics . &quot;
&quot; they will not disappear . &quot;
he raves : &quot; a cheap and poor stone , simple and earthy . &quot;
when he cut one out , it smelt of cigarette fumes .
he still does not know what he will do with the chunks of stone .
stones have plenty of time .
as does uli gsell .
the trail of the stuttgart stones leads to a forest in tübingen and a former french munitions depot where manuel rongen has created his own world of stone .
the 44-year-old trades in old stones .
he has bought every stone from the demolition in stuttgart .
&quot; it would be a crime if they were ground into gravel or disappeared into landfill , &quot; he says in his office , a small wooden shack that was once a sentry box .
people insulted and threatened him , he recalls , when the newspapers reported in september that he had bought the remains of the north wing from the demolition contractor .
he talked with the opponents of the stuttgart 21 development project for days on end .
he explained that there was nothing he could do about the demolition .
and if it were going to happen , then the most sensible thing was that the stones were used again for other purposes .
in response , around 200 stuttgart 21 opponents took a block away with them , each weighing an average of 80 kilos and costing 6.50 to 14 euros .
some as a keepsake , but others in the hope of being able to return the blocks if the building is rebuilt .
rongen had bought 500 tonnes - equivalent to 25 truck-loads .
about half is stored in the forest , but the rest has been sold long ago .
gardeners , landscape gardeners and homeowners .
they came from everywhere and took away whatever they could carry in car boots and trailers .
the stuttgart stones of scandal have long since been transformed into walls , or boundaries for herb gardens .
&quot; actually , this stone is nothing special , &quot; says rongen .
&quot; if it didn &apos;t have political significance . &quot;
he climbs into his off-roader and does a tour of his realm of 20 hectares .
he studied law but switched to biology , then he got interested in computers , and finally became a stone merchant .
and a stone enthusiast .
he stores 40,000 tonnes of stone .
he carts his treasure from all over germany .
and claims to be the largest used stone dealer in the country .
he brakes .
artfully carved sandstones are lying in the snow .
&quot; they used to be part of dresden &apos;s marienbrücke , &quot; he says .
elbe sandstone , yellow and warm , he says .
&quot; my favourite stone . &quot;
the route then continues upwards through the forest .
he points to a pile : red sandstone , previously part of karlsruhe train station .
and more .
&quot; beautiful travertine . &quot;
the blocks once belonged to the stands of stuttgart &apos;s neckar stadium .
the snow is full of stones and stories - stuttgart travertine from stuttgart police headquarters , red granite from dom st. blasius , tuff from heilbrunn hospital .
so much work , so much effort , so much sweat .
when rongen thinks about how the stones used to be carved by hand and moved with simply pulleys and oxcarts , he feels a great sense of reverence .
&quot; it would be a scandal to shred all this . &quot;
he hasn &apos;t become rich , but he has found some priceless stones .
the stone merchant currently employs 14 people and masons , sculptors , a smith , a glass blower and a horticulturist have also set up in the forest .
&quot; we work hard , but it is satisfying , &quot; says the used stone dealer .
he has to go to cologne soon .
there are stones to be rescued there as well .
talent war for graduates with potential
there is a rush on at the buffet .
16 students are shoving their way to salmon rolls , tomato soup and desert .
the technical university of braunschweig and the car maker volkswagen have invited mechanical engineering and design students to a workshop .
they are going talk shop on the car of the future with vw developers in a kind of idea contest - and , incidentally , find out more about volkswagen .
many companies are already engaged in hand-to-hand combat in the contest for the cleverest minds , and are relying on cooperation with universities , just like vw .
their mission : to recruit the most talented graduates as early as possible in the lecture hall - before they come onto the job market and are courted by anyone else .
and because universities do not provide a breakdown of student performance , companies are looking for and hoping to attract exceptional talent in hands-on projects .
on the second day of the workshop at the technical university of braunschweig , the car maker it out to woo the talent .
a young woman from human resources distributes ballpoint pens , gummy bears and folders bearing the vw logo .
she tells the young hopefuls about internships and student jobs , and explains the various routes into the company .
nico selle from the technical university of braunschweig is managing the project with vw .
he sees advantages for both sides . &quot; the students get in contact with industry and gain some experience . &quot;
&quot; vw can get to know students while taking a closer look at interesting candidates and thinking about which ones are their potential employees . &quot;
such cooperation , thinks sells , is not unusual .
what is new is that students are being touted so aggressively .
&quot; the focus used to be on specialism-specific projects , &quot; says selle .
the fight for the latest batch of graduates is set to be a lot tougher .
in many sectors , companies can no longer identify their employees from the hoards of applicants .
they really have to sell themselves to win over highly qualified graduates .
graduates in engineering find themselves particularly well placed for negotiation .
according to the association of german engineers ( vdi ) , more than 40,000 engineering jobs were unfilled in october .
and the shortage of engineers is going to get worse , according to vdi .
roman dykta is on the hunt for talent for kpmg , the audit , tax and advisory services firm .
he organises lavish recruitment events such as the kpmg race , a kind of modern scavenger hunt where participants have to find their route using gps coordinates .
the company wants to send eight promising students straight across the usa next year .
and quite incidentally , the participants will see kpmg branches and get to know the company .
who gets to go is decided in two advance selection rounds .
only the crème de la crème of the many applicants will fly to the usa .
amidst all the war cries surrounding university graduates with potential , the rifle shots from some companies are getting louder and louder , says dykta .
&quot; with this race , we want to stand out from the crowd . &quot;
&quot; just one trip wasn &apos;t enough for us . &quot;
for talent-hunter dykta , the sums add up .
&quot; to this day , we have stayed in contact with all the participants of a similar campaign last year . &quot;
&quot; some of them are just about to graduate and expect to apply to us soon , &quot; he says .
besides direct touting on campus , small and medium-sized businesses especially are stalking candidates at classic career fairs .
&quot; we try to reach graduates at fairs . &quot;
&quot; for example , at intersolar , &quot; says sitha stübe , head of human resources at the solar technology manufacturer , solarworld .
the bonn-based company employs around 1500 people in germany .
stübe is well aware of the problem of attracting young talent .
there are currently 35 vacancies on the company website .
&quot; it is really very difficult to fill vacant positions . &quot;
&quot; it costs a lot of time and money , &quot; she says .
another route is contact via university lecturers .
solarworld is cooperating with a number of universities , including freiberg university .
&quot; the lecturers point out that the students can do internships or write their dissertations with us . &quot;
expensive advertising campaigns for solar specialists are not in the pipeline .
on the other hand , the company is trying to advertise with its other advantages , including a relaxed working atmosphere , flat hierarchies and straightforward communication .
&quot; a big corporation cannot often offer that , &quot; says human resources manager stübe .
money has not been the key factor in the job market for a while .
flexible working time , childcare and good promotion opportunities are also decisive factors .
solarworld came in 55th place among the 100 best employers in germany in a study by the great place to work institute .
the institute publishes an annual league table of german employers .
it asks employees how happy they are with their work and job environment and looks at the general working conditions .
human resources manager stübe hopes to score points with job-seekers thanks to the company &apos;s place on the list .
&quot; i think that applicants are influenced strongly by external assessments of any potential employer , &quot; she says .
wolf reiner kriegler from the german employer branding academy is an advisor for companies seeking to develop a reputation as a good employer as part of a long-term strategy .
he advises his clients to be more authentic .
and that actually means internal changes , says kriegler .
&quot; the best way to make yourself attractive as an employer is via your own employees , &quot; he says .
in industry jargon , that means employer branding among your own employees .
&quot; happy employees are the best ambassadors . &quot;
if you treat your own well and they identify with the company , then they will find you new employees among their friends and acquaintances .
&quot; it &apos;s like playing in a band , &quot; says kriegler .
obama stops new oil drilling
there will be no new drilling off the coast of the us federal state of florida in the gulf of mexico in the coming year .
the government in washington has published a prohibition to that effect - thereby definitively scrapping earlier plans .
new drilling is also forbidden off the atlantic coast for the immediate future .
secretary of the interior ken salazar made the announcement on wednesday .
the explosion of the deepwater horizon drilling platform in april was the trigger for the strict prohibition , which is to remain in force for at least the next five years .
before the disaster that cost eleven workers their lives and led to the usa &apos;s biggest environmental disaster , president barack obama , under pressure from the opposition and industry , had signalled his readiness to allow new drilling in the eastern area of the gulf of mexico .
advocators had hoped this would reduce the usa &apos;s dependency on foreign oil supplies .
who will bear responsibility for the devastating oil spill in the gulf has still not been conclusively decided .
the british energy company bp is the focus of criticism , and is faced with claims for billions of dollars .
a board of inquiry set up by president obama is set to submit its findings at some point in december .
in october , secretary of the interior ken salazar had revoked the prohibition on drilling imposed after the explosion .
in response , various oil companies immediately submitted applications for new drilling projects .
obama and salazar want to rule out any further catastrophe with tougher controls and stricter safety regulations .
the responsible control authority , which fell into disrepute after numerous accusations of corruption , is being extensively reformed .
at the same time , the president has announced that lucrative tax loopholes for oil and gas companies will be stopped .
the industry is warning publicly that the output in the gulf will be significantly lower than in the past if regulation is tougher .
&quot; the government &apos;s plans are the biggest brake on the growth of the oil and gas industry , &quot; is the outcome of a recent industry survey by the consultancy firm bdo - even before the prohibition on drilling was put in place on wednesday .
the american energy alliance also complains of the uncertainty faced by the industry . &quot; no one knows what exactly will change in terms of regulation . &quot;
the organisation believes investment in new projects will be suspended indefinitely - at the expense of growth .
ogoniland has burnt down
the water in the rivers is oil-brown and reeks like a petrol station . billions of litres of leaked crude oil have destroyed the natural environment of ogoniland in nigeria .
people are living on theft , corruption and cooking illegal oil .
celestine akpobari sees the positive side .
&quot; don &apos;t worry , &quot; the ecoactivist tells journalists . &quot; you &apos;ll see plenty of oil sludge to photograph today . &quot;
the 37-year-old nigerian was trying to photograph a boy wading up to his waist in the water - and the streaks of water around him . in the rainbow-coloured water , the scene is almost beautiful .
the brown billows of crude oil under the surface are invisible .
esther badom used to fill buckets with shrimps at the bank of the bodo jetty river .
now , the stagnant waters are completely dead .
five years ago , massive quantities of crude oil flooded out of a burst oil pipeline into the vast wetland .
fishermen from the nearby town of bodo now have to paddle six hours to get to water inhabited by fish . ogoniland , in the heart of the niger delta , is one of the most contaminated regions in the world .
on the journey through the mangrove swamps , criss-crossed by river courses , the full extent of the devastation is plain to see .
instead of clear water , the motorboat churns up a brown swill ; if you put your hand in the water it comes out coated in oil .
the roots of the mangrove trees stick out from the ground like black liquorice sticks . the odd palm among the mangroves hangs its frond despondently .
the flocks of birds ubiquitous in wetlands are nowhere to be seen . as soon as the outboard motor falls silent , a devastating quiet descends over the former paradise that now stinks like a petrol station .
&quot; what is happening here is ecological warfare , &quot; says celestine akpobari , sombrely . &quot; we are living with a permanent hazard to health . &quot;
the comparison to war is apposite .
the region of the ogoni has been a contested battlefield for decades . more than 60 years ago , the first explorers from europe made their way to the region . in the 80s , the first wave of resistance was organised around the author ken saro-wiwa , who was later executed . it was here that the shell company had to stop production in 1993 , because it was too dangerous for its oil workers .
even today , the company is prohibited from returning to ogoniland . while more than two million barrels of black gold are pumped every day from the delta region as a whole - which is an area three times the size of switzerland with more than 5000 wells and 7000 kilometres of pipeline - the oilfields in ogoniland lie fallow , the situation too unstable for the oil company .
every few hundred metres , steel frames rise from the water like bizarre sculptures . the heads of boreholes are far too affectionately referred to as &quot; little christmas trees . &quot;
these structures can be up to 50 years old and most of them are seriously corroded .
one borehole after the next falls apart , says akpobari , then a constant stream of crude oil runs into the water .
according to expert estimates , more than two billion litres have flown into the delta &apos;s ecosystem in 50 years . year on year , that is the same amount of oil that rushed into the sea off alaska when the exxon valdez supertanker crashed 21 years ago - one of the largest environmental catastrophes in human history .
there is dispute over who should be held responsible for the ongoing worst case scenario of ecological disaster .
whilst the shell company says sabotage and organised theft of oil are responsible for more than 90 percent of the contamination , environmentalists believe burst drill heads and leaking pipelines are the main cause .
in 2008 , the us academic richard steiner accused shell of applying significantly lower safety standards in nigeria than in the rest of the world . the rate of defects in pipelines alone was &quot; several times higher than elsewhere . &quot;
human figures emerge from the mangrove swamps , that from a distance look deserted , oil-covered outside garages . the figures are stark naked and covered to the neck in oil .
under one of the many barrels - some connected to pipes , others scattered at random over the ground - there is a a flickering fire . an illegal mini refinery .
michael , the group leader , explains that the crude oil is heated in the barrel for several hours .
first , benzine is siphoned off to a collecting pan , then kerosene drips from the end of the tube and finally , diesel .
michael and four assistants produce up to four 300-litre barrels of diesel a day in this way . &quot; we get 34,000 naira for it &quot; - about 22 dollars .
the inhabitants of the delta use the chronic fuel shortage to their advantage in the largest crude oil state of sub-saharan africa .
nigeria has just one refinery of its own .
the illegal cooks can still undercut the absurdly low diesel prices of 40 euro cents per litre . they get their raw material for nothing .
the material comes from &quot; bunkerers &quot; who tap the pipeline network all the way across ogoniland . over the entire niger delta , experts estimate the country loses at least 16 millions litres of crude oil a day in this way .
however , only a tiny proportion of the raw material stored by bunkerers goes on to be refined illegally . organised criminal networks with politicians and high-ranking officers amongst their ranks fill tankers with the lion &apos;s share and flog it on the global market .
the activist akpobari believes the debate around whether the environmental catastrophe is the result of the activities of the population or lax production safety standards is purely academic .
&quot; if the oil companies were not perceived as interlopers and if they had not so thoroughly destroyed the fishermen &apos;s livelihood , there would not be any sabotage , theft or illegal refineries . &quot;
akpobari explains that the relationship between the ogoni towards shell in particular has been destroyed to such an extent that only withdrawal by the company is an option . &quot; perhaps other nations such as the chinese will prove to be a better option . &quot;
michael turns edgy .
&quot; it &apos;s time you disappear , &quot; says the muscular oil man .
&quot; the soldiers might turn up at any minute . &quot;
if the illegal oil refiners are caught by the army &apos;s task force , they are not likely to be jailed , but will have to pay hefty bribes .
it seems that the soldiers , who mainly originate from the north of the country , also want to profit from oil , like all other nigerians .
&quot; this damned stuff has brought our country to rock bottom in every way , &quot; says akpobari .
investigators uncover dangerous defect in a380 engines
the a380 , it seems , has a major safety issue .
during examination of a plane following an emergency landing , investigators have discovered a possible defect that could cause &quot; catastrophic engine failure . &quot;
the airline qantas is now preparing to take the engine manufacturer to court .
the passengers of the qantas airbus that was forced to land at the beginning of november appear to have had considerably more luck than anyone realised . during its investigations , the australian air safety authority identified a serious safety issue in the engines of some a380 planes - and is now warning of a possible construction defect .
the alleged defect would have serious consequences . in a statement published on thursday , the australian transport safety bureau ( atsb ) revealed that the defect could potentially cause fatigue cracks and leaks in an oil hose connection .
this could lead to &quot; catastrophic engine failure . &quot;
20 different a380 aeroplanes with rolls-royce engines may be affected .
the qantas airbus that was forced to land in singapore on 4 november was one of those aeroplanes .
the australian airline is now taking legal steps against the british turbine manufacturer .
it has submitted a claim to an australian federal court in sydney which leaves open further potential legal measures against the company .
the ceo of qantas , alan joyce , said that his airline would demand compensation for the incident which occurred at the beginning of november .
the heat of the engine had caused parts to become detached and had damaged the wings .
rolls-royce believes an oil fire caused the damage .
following the incident , up to 40 engines around the world must now be replaced .
the australian investigators announced that they will be carrying out further safety tests on the superjumbos fitted with the affected engines .
atsb speaker martin dolan said that the safety recommendation was the result of cooperation with rolls-royce .
the safety issue was considered sufficiently serious for all affected parties to be informed .
after the forced landing of the qantas plane , the airline grounded its a380 fleet for weeks .
singapore airlines temporarily kept about three of its eleven a380 on the ground .
lufthansa replaced the engine in one a380 as a precaution .
the double-decker is the largest passenger plane in the world .
country-wide snowfall unleashes traffic chaos
germany all in white . there has been overnight snowfall across most of the country .
there is chaos on many roads , and trains and flights have been cancelled .
at least three people have died in car accidents .
the winter freeze in germany . in freezing temperatures , almost the entire country was covered in snow on wednesday night - causing traffic chaos in many areas .
in the north and east of the country , there is 15 centimetres of snow in some areas .
traffic is severely restricted on many motorways and roads .
snow ploughs were in continuous operation on the a7 at flensburg , unable to beat the constant snow drifts .
strong winds were also recorded over the baltic coast .
the federal maritime and hydrographic agency ( bsh ) is expecting storm tides with water levels 1.2 metres above normal on the baltic coast of schleswig-holstein from the morning onwards .
in saxony , the snow drifts on motorways and a-roads have been causing serious problems .
according to the weather service meteomedia , saxon switzerland was put on red alert - the highest alarm level .
30 centimetres of fresh snow fell in some parts of the region and fresh strong winds caused drifts .
a number of lorries and cars were stranded during the night .
in saxony-anhalt , the police authorities also reported serious disruption on the roads .
snow and wind caused crawling traffic and traffic jams on the a2 .
in thuringia , the a4 and a9 were affected by snowfall .
according to deutsche bahn , there are significant disruptions in saxony , saxony-anhalt , thuringia and in the north of bavaria .
snow on the tracks , fallen trees on the rails and overhead wires and malfunctioning points are the main problems .
in saxony , long-distance trains from leipzig to nuremberg had to be stopped .
an ice train to munich was forced to end its journey in saalfeld , thuringia .
the 165 passengers were provided with woollen blankets , food and drink by fire and ambulance personnel .
snow swept across the roads .
snow and wind is causing numerous cancellations at major german airports .
in munich , a spokeswoman for the flight information centre announced that some cancellations had already been made .
in frankfurt am main , a spokeswoman for fraport said that 40 flights had already been axed .
snow ploughs have been in permanent operation .
only a small number of stranded passengers were at the airport , and there were just under 400 camp beds still available to accommodate them , said the spokeswoman .
accidents had already occurred on many roads by wednesday evening .
one lorry driver died in the evening in a collision with a train on a level crossing in ostholstein .
the train driver suffered light injuries .
a similar accident occurred near nuremberg on snow-covered roads . a truck was stranded on a level crossing when the vehicle got stuck in the snow .
the driver died .
four passengers in the train were injured - the line from bayreuth to nuremberg was closed into the hours of the morning .
a 30-year-old woman also died after she overturned on black ice near aschaffenburg .
there is , however , some good news from forecasters . although the snow will continue to be loose and powdery causing snow drifts even in light winds ,
the wind is set to drop .
only the baltic sea will suffer strong and stormy winds .
however , it will remain very cold - up to minus 15 degrees in some places .
deutsche bank seeking buyer for its twin towers
deutsche bank wants to sell its emblem . according to a newspaper report , the bank is looking for buyers for the two office high-rises at its frankfurt headquarters .
the property could fetch up to 500 million euros .
deutsche bank only recently renovated its company headquarters . the twin towers in the frankfurt banking quarter have been modernised as bankers returned to their former workplace .
but the financial institution now clearly wants to recoup the costs of renovation - and is looking for a buyer for the two high-rises , writes financial times germany , quoting a spokesman .
the spokesman did not indicate the reasons for the planned sale .
&quot; we are constantly reviewing whether it is better to own property ourselves or to sell it and then rent it back , &quot; he said .
germany &apos;s largest financial institution is abandoning its company headquarters after only a limited period of time .
the bank first took over the two towers for 272 million euros in mid-2007 from the investors of one of its own funds and went on to implement an extensive programme of renovation .
according to the information available , the extensive renovation cost around 200 million euros .
a sale would earn the bank a lot of money .
according to the newspaper , industry experts estimate the value of the towers , renamed the &quot; greentowers , &quot; at around 500 million euros .
whether the buildings will be resold to a fund owned by the bank or to an independent investor is currently not decided , said the spokesman .
thousands mourn lost friends
more than 10,000 people in new zealand have attended a memorial service for the miners declared dead after a series of explosions .
it has not yet been possible to recover the bodies , as the safety situation in the shaft where the accident happened remains precarious .
almost two weeks ago , a violent explosion occurred in the pike river mine near the city of greymouth .
29 miners aged between 17 and 62 were buried alive below ground .
a probe was lowered into the shaft , but no signs of the survivors were discovered .
owing to the high concentration of poisonous gases and further subsequent explosions , no rescuers were allowed into the shaft for safety reasons .
after the second violent detonation , the authorities and experts acted on the assumption that there was no chance any of the miners had survived .
it has not yet been possible to recover the bodies .
family members and friends remembered the dead in a memorial service .
in bright sunshine , ten thousand people gathered in greymouth on new zealand &apos;s south island .
they held a two-minute silence .
29 tables were set up in honour of the buried miners , displaying helmets , lamps and their names .
pictures and personal items , including clothing and surfboards , were also on display .
the flags were flying at half mast at all government buildings in the country .
new zealand had hoped that the miners would come back &quot; from the depths of the earth &quot; to the surface , said the prime minister of new zeeland john key to the crowds at the memorial .
&quot; but they never came home . &quot;
lawrie drew , father of trapped coal miner zen drew , said that he could not come to terms with the death of his son until he had seen his body .
several foreign diplomats took part in the memorial service alongside the prime minister and members of victims &quot; families .
british and south african miners were also buried alive in the first explosion on 19 november .
rescuers began by extinguishing a fire inside the coal mine on new zealand &apos;s south island .
superintendent gary knowles told journalists that work would begin to cool the fierce temperatures inside the mine as soon as the explosive gases had been displaced .
to hell , warriors !
is there a place for gore in art house cinema ?
the film director nicolas winding refn is testing old genre boundaries afresh with his warrior epic &quot; walhalla rising . &quot;
what audience was the danish director nicolas winding refn thinking of when he was shooting &quot; walhalla rising &quot; ?
a captured viking warrior with only one eye ( mads mikkelsen ) escapes his tormentors and knocks down his opponents with almost superhuman powers - which sounds ideal for young male viewers on the search for gore and action , particularly as our hero has a preference for brutal killing methods and is not averse to tearing out the entrails from the living bodies of his enemies when he is in a bad mood .
on the other hand , one-eye , as he is actually called , does not say a word during the entire film , and even the other figures are only induced to say one or two sentences at most , or to emit a few excruciating death cries .
otherwise , the film is silent , luxuriating in the eerily beautiful hills of scotland that provides the scenery for the viking world of around a thousand years ago .
more suited to adult cinema enthusiasts with an interest in existentialism and very smooth tracking shots .
great when a film has several target groups , but a shame if they are mutually exclusive .
since his wild and stylised drug dealer trilogy &quot; pusher , &quot; director winding refn has been seen as a kind of danish version of quentin tarantino , but stoically refuses to make his works accessible to the mainstream by using a little more humour or to the art house by displaying less brutality .
most art cinema enthusiasts would be deterred by the cerebral matter and entrails flying around .
if they have not already done so , action fans will die of boredom when one-eye - for somewhat indecipherable reasons - sets off by ship to jerusalem with a troop of violent christian missionaries , ending up stuck for what seems like an eternity in dead calms and fog before the crew arrives in what is clearly america - where the silence continues .
no wonder then that &apos; walhalla rising &quot; has not found a cinema distributor in germany and has only appeared on dvd .
this is a shame , particularly because the cinematography is superb , but also because at times there is a stirring work of cinema behind the pretentious , at times bloody façade - and that work of cinema deserves some attention .
this film is not about dialogue or a stringent plot , but all about atmosphere - a feverish dream that has become a film .
for the viewer , there is no escape from that dream .
refn hardly allows the viewer a single moment of relaxation and slowly chokes the same view with his iron images and the gloomy trance-like soundtrack - and the incomprehensible hatred that strikes out at the viewer from the hearts of the characters .
only one small blond boy who stands faithfully at one-eye &apos;s side retains anything of innocence - all other characters are driven by fury .
above all , it is the one-eyed hero who is driven by fury - whose motives are never explained , but who at some point becomes the warrior from hell for his enemies and temporary allies alike , and perhaps even the messenger of the devil himself .
he equals damnation , but perhaps only for the already damned .
&quot; walhalla rising &quot; is an enigmatic film that people will hate and admire , to their chagrin , vexation and amazement .
an experience .
mysterious earthworks
the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) has new evidence of a secret nuclear programme in syria .
the country is refusing to comment - but is allowing inspections .
towards midnight on the night of 5th to 6th september 2007 , at least four israeli f-15 i fighter jets attacked a mysterious , cube-shaped building in syria .
it stands on the banks of the euphrates river ; the next major city , 30 kilometres away , is dair alzour .
the name turns up in iaea documents when there is mention of the reactor syria is alleged to have built in the cube-shaped building hidden in a valley cut off from the country &apos;s electricity network - with aid from north korea .
according to a briefing from the us foreign intelligence service , the cia , at the end of april 2008 , the reactor , commonly referred to by the name of the nearest settlement el kibar , could be used to produce plutonium - which could in turn be used to build atomic bombs .
the technology from the fifties is of very little use for any other purpose .
the cia gave a video presentation with blurry satellite images .
using computer animation , the agency showed where the components of the reactor are believed to have been located before its destruction - the reactor is said to be a smaller copy of the north korean model from the atomic centre in yongbyon .
they agency also produced photos showing the building close up , and even its interior .
the reactor is believed to have been almost ready for commissioning , but not yet supplied with fuel rods .
now , more than three years after the bombardment , almost no more is known . in fact , the questions seem to have increased with time .
the former us president george w. bush has recently revealed in his memoirs that , although the cia had known before the attack that syria was building a reactor in el kibar , it had not discovered any signs that there was &quot; an active nuclear weapons programme &quot; in the country .
many intelligence officials in europe are even more sceptical and speak only of an &quot; alleged reactor , &quot; even if they believe the cia presentation was &quot; plausible . &quot;
they lack hard evidence , as does the iaea .
asked how certain he is that a reactor exists this summer , a high-ranking un diplomat replied laconically that the iaea had &quot; enough material to pose questions . &quot;
the syrians , in any case , rapidly removed the rubble of the supposedly &quot; unused military building &quot; and levelled the area completely .
nonetheless , in june 2008 , an iaea team led by chief inspector olli heinonen discovered traces of man-made uranium in el kibar .
in addition , the iaea obtained commercially produced satellite images from a member state from the period immediately preceding the attack - images said to be more convincing that the images presented by the cia .
however , the images were not available on the market , as the unknown customer - israel , perhaps - has purchased them exclusively .
hence , the iaea cannot independently verify their authenticity .
syria has claimed never to have had a secret atomic programme or to have built a reactor .
damascus claims the uranium was from israeli weapons .
however , after analysing the particles , the iaea rejected the claim as implausible .
since then , damascus has avoided discussion on this point - or on the satellite images .
syria has also prevented inspectors carrying out a second inspection in el kibar or to access the rubble of the bombed building .
israel is also maintaining a stony silence .
&quot; we will never comment on this , &quot; said the former prime minister ehud olmert , in office at the time of the attack , confirming the official position .
so the investigation has continued since june 2008 without conclusion and &quot; is increasingly developing into a serious credibility problem for the authority , &quot; according to a high-ranking western diplomat at the iaea headquarters in vienna - ultimately , a serious infringement of the non-proliferation treaty remains unresolved in the hands of the iaea .
the iaea clearly believes the key to moving forward in this process lies in three additional facilities that are supposed to have had a &quot; functional connection &quot; with the alleged reactor - and in contrast to the reactor , still exist .
however , inspectors have not so far disclosed the nature of the facilities or what function they have or what makes them seem suspicious .
according to information provided by the süddeutsche zeitung , they are referred to internally at the iaea as marj as-sultan , masyaf and iskandariya , referring to towns nearby .
the independent institute for science and international security in washington ( isis ) has identified these locations and found a complex of buildings on satellite images at masyaf which is very probably one of the suspicious buildings .
it may be located in or immediately next to a military base - it is precisely for this reason that syria is refusing the iaea access to the three locations .
in vienna , there is word that the syrians were afraid of some kind of fishing expedition and worry that the iaea is being sent out by the usa as a vanguard to spy out military facilities .
this fear was exacerbated by the fact that nuclear inspectors had been tipped off about the facilities by the us secret services .
the iaea has documents , including satellite photos , which suggest that material has been transported between the three locations and the cube-shaped building on the euphrates river .
a high-ranking western diplomat in vienna said that at least one of the facilities could be &quot; related to fuel production . &quot;
however , there were &quot; no signs of sensitive activities &quot; such as uranium enrichment or reprocessing - processes that are required to build atomic weapons .
this type of reactor is fuelled by uranium , but not enriched uranium .
however , a reasonable guess could be made as to where the uranium came from and where the plutonium from that uranium would be extracted for use in a bomb .
it remains unclear , however , whether rubble that could contain valuable trace deposits has been stored at the three locations .
no one is admitting to having any information on where the rubble has ended up , as if hundreds of truckloads of earth had simply vanished into thin air .
the salt mine of al tibni , located just several kilometres from el kibar on the other side of the euphrates and investigated by syria in 1998 as a possible storage location for radioactive waste is an unlikely location , according to the iaea .
the former iaea inspector robert kelley recently connected the mine and the reactor in an analysis of satellite images for the prestigious magazine , jane &apos;s intelligence review .
images from orbit , however , show that syria undertook earthworks at the three suspected locations and removed large containers after the iaea had demanded access .
that may be coincidence , but has done nothing to clear suspicion .
there is also talk in diplomatic circles of the iaea having spent a number of months developing an inspections plan that would allow syria to protect any military secrets - the costs alone shows the extent of the inspectors &quot; interest .
damascus , however , also brushed off this proposal .
although western diplomats in vienna had offered reassurance , by saying that since the reactor was destroyed the issue had low priority , the us ambassador glyn davies has been bringing so-called special inspections to the table , which is one of the most powerful instruments available to the vienna-based atomic authority to carry out inspections .
yukiya amano , current director general of the iaea , who is believed to have suggested the inspection , has already spoken of &quot; an option that i am open to in the future , &quot; but is still hesitating .
the option is high risk . on the one hand it requires a majority in the governing council of the iaea , and a number of the 35 countries represented are anything other than eager for escalation .
on the other hand , as one diplomat points out , &quot; what if , in the end , they find nothing ? &quot;
love in times of war
since angelina jolie began working on her as yet anonymous directing debut in the summer , there has been trouble .
she wrote the script herself - a love story between a woman from bosnia and a serbian man .
no one really knows much more than that - but that alone is enough to cause unease .
the rumour stubbornly persists that the woman - a muslim - falls in love with her serbian rapist during the yugoslavian war .
bosnian women &apos;s organisations have protested immediately , in response to which several days of shooting planned in sarajevo were moved to hungary at short notice .
since then , the film has been shot in hungary and is in post-production , but there are still protests in bosnia .
bakira hasečić from the association of women victims of war wrote to jolie via the un refugee agency unhcr and demanded a meeting with the actress , reported a bosnian newspaper - jolie herself is an ambassador for the un agency .
however , she can hardly be described as diplomatic - jolie offered to meet the women weeks ago in hungary , but they declined .
the meeting must take place in bosnia , insists hasečić .
according to hasečić , there were no love stories in rape camps , and jolie &apos;s behaviour towards victims told her enough about the script .
according to the un refugee organisation , her organisation has recommended dismissing jolie as an ambassador , reports the guardian .
but what kind of script exactly has jolie written ?
the bosnian ministry of culture that read her script issued a permit for shooting in sarajevo after some to-ing and fro-ing - it is not entirely clear why jolie then did not go to bosnia .
they fledgling writer herself asserts that she has no political motives in her film , has read up on the yugoslavian conflict assiduously and wants to show the horrific consequences of war and give a voice to all sides involved .
in terms of content , however , she remained vague .
a second , considerably different synopsis of the film is being circulated on the internet . the lovers had known each other before the outbreak of war and meet again when she , a bosnian muslim , is kidnapped to a serbian camp where he is working as a guard .
that sounds a very different story to the &quot; rape victim falls for torturer &quot; scenario .
the fact that jolie &apos;s film actually begins before the war is clear .
according to jolie , the pressure on her is &quot; unfair and based on false information . &quot;
now only the hackers from hollywood can give her any peace by illegally posting the script on the web , as has been the fate of so many other scripts .
let &apos;s get out of here
this evening , everything is finally going well for the irish .
not a trace of unhappiness .
the home team is dominating its guests from sweden , finland and the usa too much for that .
the fans are hooting for joy against a soundtrack of blaring music and stamping feet .
the bailey pub in cork , southern ireland , is rocking because the table tennis players are throwing ping pong balls into beer glasses over a three metre distance - and scoring .
&quot; beer pong &quot; is the name of the bizarre spectacle ; the winner gets 500 euros win bonus plus plane tickets to las vegas for the beer pong world championship in january .
cian tanner is a quiet type ; this shrill drinking game and the reticent computer scientist do not really go together .
but the 26-year-old is trying to amuse himself by playing , to distract from the burning question of what the future will bring .
he has not scheduled in a round of gambling in las vegas - he will be taking part in job interviews in new zealand in january .
&quot; i have a weird feeling doing it , &quot; he says .
&quot; it is so far from home and i still don &apos;t have any work there . &quot;
still , his girlfriend is waiting for him in auckland - &quot; she got her dream job as event manager in no time - perhaps a good sign , &quot; says the young man and smiles .
in response to the poor outlook at home , two of tanner &apos;s three siblings are already taking their chances abroad .
his sister yvonne , a social worker , is in sydney and his brother colin has got a job as an it consultant in london .
young people are leaving . tanner &apos;s family is hardly the exception for families on the island .
100,000 irish men and women will leave the country in the near future , predict experts from the economic and social research institute ( esri ) in dublin .
by 2015 , they estimate a total of 200,000 emigrants .
for a small country with only 4.5 million inhabitants , that will be a significant loss .
if the predictions prove to be correct , there will be a wave of emigration comparable to the emigration ireland suffered in the 80s .
after a decade of growth that brought great prosperity for the irish with it , the hard times have returned .
the economic crisis is particularly bewildering for young , well-educated irish who have only seen things getting better .
job losses and social descent seemed absurd in the boom years .
everyone was needed and there was money abounding .
since then , three out of every ten men and women under thirty are without work .
in the irish times , there are many letters from young emigrants complaining that &quot; everything is going down the pan in ireland . &quot;
&quot; there should be a revolution against the politicians and bankers - but anyone who can simply leaves and our country is losing an entire generation . &quot;
&quot; can the last person please turn out the light . &quot;
law student leanne caulfield , president of the irish union of students , sees a dismal future ahead , because the government is engaged in window-dressing and is no longer offering young people prospects for the future .
&quot; they are reducing the minimum wage , but they don &apos;t have a strategy to create new jobs , &quot; says the 20-year-old .
she sees her fellow students making their way from one unpaid internship to another .
her greatest concern is that she will have to emigrate in four years as well .
&quot; the thought is sad and depressing . &quot;
on the other hand , men such as stephen mclarnon try to give the situation a positive spin .
mclarnon organises the workingabroadexpo , a fair offering an all-round service for work abroad .
&quot; for people starting a career , working abroad is a great chance to take your first steps onto the career ladder , &quot; says the manager .
there are photos of surfers in australia and snowboarders in canada on his website .
the message is clear . working abroad is not galley duty , but a source of freedom and fun .
for the last six months , seán o &apos;donovan has known what it feels like to build something somewhere else .
as there was nothing more for the 29-year-old engineer in ireland , he is now working with 15 irish colleagues on building sites in germany .
they are currently working on a fashion boutique in gelsenkirchen .
in january , they will move on to hanover or berlin - to the next project .
in the meantime , o &apos;donovan visits his home country seldom , as he is taking on extra shifts to be able to pay off the mortgage on his house at home .
&quot; the situation is really a bit crazy , &quot; he says , as he goes through the door of his house for the first time in a long time .
&quot; i am earning money in germany for a house in ireland that i barely see . &quot;
he laughs a little self-consciously and wanders through the cold rooms .
the small house is in a classy neighbourhood with tended front gardens . large , expensive cars are parked in the driveways .
o &apos;donovan bought the house with his sister four years ago for 380,000 euros - financed with a 100 percent mortgage .
&quot; they were mad times - there was easy money without too many questions , &quot; he says .
is he worried that things could go wrong with the mortgage ?
o &apos;donovan thinks for a while , pours some more tea and says : &quot; i don &apos;t have any children to feed and i am young . even if everything goes wrong , i can start again . &quot;
the civil engineer does not like the moaning that he hears so often .
&quot; no one has to starve - out situation is nowhere near as dramatic as times this island has gone through in the past , &quot; he says .
&quot; working abroad for a while is not the worst that can happen - perhaps we only really feel irish by going abroad . &quot;
he laughs and recalls how his father went to england in the last great economic crisis .
&quot; seven years later , he was back and life went on in ireland , just like that . &quot;
cian tanner likes that idea .
leave the future open and just see what it is like living somewhere else .
he has already spent a few years working in london and why should things not go well for him and his girlfriendin new zealand ?
one thing still worries him well and truly these days - the party for his 27th birthday on friday in dublin .
he worries it could degenerate into a farewell party .
&quot; just not too much emotion , &quot; he says and drinks a large gulp of beer .
&quot; farewell - that sounds alarming . &quot;
&quot; lets just call it a going away party , really relaxed with a few friends , a couple of drinks and the odd game . &quot;
the democratic routine
support for democracy in latin america continues to edge up , as does backing for private enterprise .
crime has become a bigger worry than unemployment .
and brazil is seen as more influential than the united states across much of the region .
those are some of the findings of the latest latinobarómetro poll taken in 18 countries and published exclusively by the economist .
because the poll has been taken regularly since 1995 , it tracks changes in attitude across the region .
two related things stand out in the results of this year &apos;s poll , taken in september and early october .
the first is latin america &apos;s fairly sunny mood .
the second is the increasing stability of attitudes towards democracy and its core institutions .
support for democracy has risen noticeably in several countries on the pacific rim of south america ( see table 1 ) .
for example in peru , where economic growth has averaged 6 % a year since 2002 , support for democracy has risen from a low of 40 % in 2005 to 61 % this year .
it also rose in mexico , where the economy has recovered after suffering a big drop in output last year .
but only around half of respondents in mexico and brazil , the region &apos;s two most populous countries , are convinced democrats , which drags down the regional average ( see chart 2 ) .
some 44 % of respondents across the region pronounced themselves satisfied with how their country &apos;s democracy works in practice , the same figure as last year but a big increase on the 25 % in 2001 ( chart 3 ) .
some 34 % said they had confidence in their country &apos;s congress and 45 % in their government , the same as last year in both cases but up sharply from 2003 ( 17 % and 24 % respectively ) .
a decade ago economic woes in latin america undermined support for democracy .
that it has held up during the world financial crisis is probably because many latin american countries suffered only a brief recession and have enjoyed a strong recovery .
in addition , a stronger social safety net has helped to shield the poor .
( the united nations &apos; economic commission for latin america reported this week that the proportion of latin americans living in poverty rose only marginally in 2009 and has fallen again this year , to 32 % . )
but the mood varies widely from country to country ( see chart 4 ) .
brazil &apos;s strong economic performance and the popularity of its outgoing president , luiz inácio lula da silva , is reflected in a widely shared sense of progress .
that is scarcer in mexico and central america , where the recession was more severe and violent crime has worsened .
for only the second time since the polls began , more respondents across latin america as a whole cite crime , rather than unemployment , as the most important problem facing their country ( see chart 5 ) .
some 31 % say that either they or a close relative have been victims of crime over the past year , but that is down from 38 % last year and is the lowest figure since 1995 .
a more robust economic performance is reflected in rising support for private enterprise and the market economy : some 71 % of respondents across the region say that private enterprise is indispensable for development , up from 56 % in 2007 ( see chart 6 ) .
some 58 % agree that the market economy is the only system that will make their country developed , up from 47 % last year .
interestingly , 62 % of respondents in venezuela hold that view ( and 80 % there back private enterprise ) even though their left-wing president , hugo chávez , is expropriating many private companies .
brazil is the country which exercises most leadership in the region , mentioned by 19 % of respondents ( up from 18 % last year ) , followed by the united states ( 9 % , unchanged from last year ) and venezuela ( 9 % , down from 11 % last year ) .
but the united states is seen as the most influential country by respondents in mexico and much of central america , whereas venezuela enjoys that distinction in ecuador , the dominican republic and nicaragua .
a vote rubbished
nobody expected haiti &apos;s general election on november 28th to be perfect .
but it was far worse than the outsiders who are trying to help the stricken country feared .
it featured stuffed ballot boxes and repeat voting , ballot slips scattered in gutters , trashed polling stations and intimidation .
polling stations opened hours late .
many haitians , including lots displaced by january &apos;s earthquake , roamed around trying to find out where to vote .
some of them eventually gave up .
a dozen presidential candidates , including several presumed front-runners , cried fraud and called for the election &apos;s annulment .
protests , some of them violent , flared across the country .
nevertheless , edmond mulet , the united nations &apos; top official in haiti , declared it &quot; a fairly good election in many ways . &quot;
observers from the organisation of american states and the caribbean community said cautiously that they did &quot; not believe these irregularities , serious as they were , necessarily invalidated the process . &quot;
in other words , the show goes on .
the electoral authority , which opponents claim is beholden to rené préval , the unpopular outgoing president and his candidate , jude célestin , is due to announce preliminary results on december 7th .
the expected run-off is scheduled for january .
all hope in the election is not lost .
the two leading opposition candidates , michel martelly , a rap musician , and mirlande manigat , a former first lady , have retreated from their initial call for the vote to be declared invalid .
but there may be trouble if mr célestin , who has little or no discernible support among voters , is declared by the electoral authority to have reached the run-off .
with a cholera epidemic raging , and more than 1m earthquake survivors still living in tents , there were fears that turnout would be low .
in the event , a lot of haitians wanted to vote but were prevented from doing so by disorganisation .
some 250,000 identity cards , required for voting , remained undistributed shortly before the election .
much is at stake .
aid donors see the election of a legitimate and popular government as an essential step in haiti &apos;s reconstruction .
and so , it is clear , do haitians themselves .
tiptoeing to the centre
in the weeks since she was suddenly widowed , cristina fernández , argentina &apos;s president , has benefited from a wave of public sympathy that has boosted her approval rating by 20 points , to over 50 % , its highest level since she was elected in 2007 .
yet turning this into a successful campaign for a second term at an election next year may depend on whether or not the visibly grieving ms fernández abandons the intransigence of her late husband , predecessor and political partner , néstor kirchner .
and on that the signs are mixed .
mr kirchner , who continued to handle economic policy even after his wife succeeded him as president , was in the habit of drawing up budgets which underestimated tax revenues , economic growth and inflation .
that allowed the first couple to spend the extra revenues at will .
on paper ms fernández &apos;s government lost its majority in congress last year .
but the opposition is divided , and it was thrown further into disarray by mr kirchner &apos;s death of a heart attack on october 27th .
some dissident members of the ruling peronist movement have rallied to ms fernández .
but after chaotic sessions ( in which a parliamentarian punched another in the face , and others accused the government of bribery ) , congress failed to approve the 2011 budget .
&quot; i &apos;m not going to argue , &quot; said the president .
the 2010 budget will now apply next year , giving the president even more room to spend at will .
the economy is overheating wildly : it is likely to grow by up to 9 % this year .
the official inflation rate now stands at 11.1 % , but many private estimates - and trade-union wage demands - put the figure close to 30 % .
mr kirchner , who took office in 2003 when argentina was scarred by economic collapse , made growth and poverty reduction , rather than controlling inflation , his priorities .
he refused to deal with the imf , harassed the private sector and purged indec , the statistics agency , which proceeded to doctor official inflation statistics .
might ms fernández now moderate these policies ?
she has called for talks between private business and union leaders .
and her officials are saying that they want to limit wage increases next year to 18 % .
the economy has been buoyed by high world prices for argentina &apos;s farm exports .
but inflation has eroded the boost to growth provided by a big devaluation in 2002 .
that may be why ms fernández is showing signs of wanting to restore argentina &apos;s financial ties to the rest of the world .
earlier this year the government struck a deal with bondholders who had refused an earlier forced restructuring of debt on which argentina defaulted in 2001 .
now ms fernández seems to be edging towards an agreement with creditor governments grouped in the paris club , to which it owes some $ 6.7 billion .
the kirchners always insisted this could not involve oversight by the imf , as is customary .
but last month amado boudou , the economy minister , announced that the fund will provide &quot; technical assistance &quot; to design a new national consumer-price index , which looks like a prelude to cleaning up indec .
it is not clear whether ms fernández wants to remain in politics beyond the end of her term now that her husband is no longer at her side .
if she does , she needs to win the support of the middle class , much of which has tired of kirchnerismo .
by the time argentines return from their summer holidays in march , the wave of sympathy for her will have ebbed .
if she wants to win another election she will have to decide whether or not quietly to repudiate many of her husband &apos;s policies .
half a cheer for china
taiwan &apos;s voters are inching towards a kind of closer union with the mainland .
what does taiwan think of its big brother across the strait ?
more than 7.5m voters turned out on november 27th , 70 % of those eligible , to elect mayors and city councillors in five urban districts , in what is seen as a broad assessment of the president , ma ying-jeou .
mr ma himself has become a surrogate for feelings about the mainland , having forged groundbreaking business links , including a partial free-trade pact , in the biggest rearrangement of relations with china proper since 1949 .
mr ma passed the test , but only just .
although his kuomintang party ( kmt ) ended up winning three of the five mayoralties , it failed to win a majority of the votes .
instead , the democratic progressive party ( dpp ) , which has leant towards fuller independence for taiwan , won nearly 50 % of all votes to the kmt &apos;s 45 % .
had this been a presidential poll , mr ma would be in trouble .
since he was elected two years ago his party &apos;s share of the vote has fallen by perhaps 8 % .
for the first time , the dpp drew even with the kmt in the city councils .
the election saw most of the staples of taiwanese elections , including rowdy campaign trucks and flag-waving mass rallies with skimpily clad dancing girls .
it even saw the obligatory mysterious assassination attempt .
sean lien , son of lien chan , the kmt &apos;s honorary chairman , was stumping for a kmt candidate on the eve of the election .
a man from the crowd shot the young mr lien clean through the face , wounding him and killing a bystander .
bizarrely , it has not been determined whether the gunman intended to harm mr lien or to settle a dispute with the candidate .
either way , says tsai ing-wen , the leader of the dpp , the shooting affected the election , casting suspicion on the dpp and driving voters towards the kmt .
perhaps the only big winner from the campaign was china .
it was striking how the issue of the mainland itself was absent .
instead candidates jousted over plans for public housing and job creation .
taiwan usually enjoys its de facto independence and loathes china &apos;s military threat .
so , the kmt tends to avoid parading its ties to the government in beijing .
but this time the dpp also refrained from whipping up anti-china sentiment .
it is responding to a new awareness that chinese business is essential to taiwan &apos;s economic survival .
mr ma , for his part , claimed confirmation that his china policy is acceptable to the taiwanese majority .
the government in beijing can be expected to continue supplying commercial sweeteners , in line with its strategy for luring taiwan back to the fold .
china wasted no time sending a negotiator to taipei to arrange for a summit on investment protection and medical co-operation .
certainly , it would like to see political integration too , but first things first .
better to wait till after the 2012 presidential election for that .
the dpp has anyway reinvented itself .
two years ago it was at a low point : its former leader , chen shui-bian , had been sent to jail on charges of corruption .
president in 2000-08 , he was a firebrand for explicit independence .
but under the leadership of ms tsai , a new generation of moderates has emerged and the dpp is working hard to attract professionals and youths .
ms tsai has been hailed as a dpp candidate for the presidency , as has su tseng-chang , who served under mr chen .
their party is now doing its best to show that it too can engage with beijing .
ms tsai announced plans for a think-tank to act as a point of contact between the dpp and china , provided their talks can be held without preconditions .
ms tsai tells the taiwanese public that her party presents a &quot; trustworthy alternative &quot; to mr ma &apos;s hasty approach to china .
mr chen seems infuriated by the shift .
in a statement issued from his cell he said that the dpp &apos;s candidates would have fared better if they had insisted that taiwan is a separate country .
he even ordered mr su , a pragmatist , not to run for the presidency .
even without mr chen &apos;s interference , the dpp will struggle to choose between its potential candidates .
the kmt is due for soul-searching of its own .
mr ma &apos;s ratings have been poor , despite breakneck economic growth ; kmt candidates have not wanted to campaign with him .
his unpopularity seems to be owing largely to unemployment and the widening gap between rich and poor .
a kmt spokesman says it will reshuffle its cabinet as well as its local branches .
the dpp &apos;s strong showing suggests that taiwan &apos;s support for rapprochement is limited .
at the same time most taiwanese see the economic integration with china as inevitable .
according to antonio chiang , a prominent columnist , &quot; the point of no return has already passed . &quot;
grammy nominations : jazz singer esperanza spalding is a surprise pick in best new artist category
perform at the request of a president , and people are bound to take notice .
esperanza spalding , the 26-year-old jazz bassist and singer hand-picked by president obama to perform at his nobel peace prize ceremony in 2009 , marked one of the grammys &apos; surprises this year with a high-profile nomination in the best new artist category .
considering that spalding has been a celebrated figure on the jazz scene since her 2008 album , &quot; esperanza , &quot; the nomination is a bit of a head-scratcher , but it is consistent with the grammys &apos; rules of an artist not releasing more than three albums before the recording that &quot; establishes the public identity of that artist . &quot;
her ambitious 2010 album , &quot; chamber music society , &quot; certainly marked a step forward , and given her airily inviting vocal style and a deft hand with pop , funk and latin influences , it &apos;s possible to draw at least a dotted line to spalding from norah jones &apos; runaway success in 2003 , the closest equivalent to grammy voters looking toward jazz &apos;s neighborhood in this category in recent years .
elsewhere grammy voters rightly honored the vijay iyer trio &apos;s &quot; historicity &quot; in the instrumental album category , an invigorating thrill-ride of a record that was a critical favorite last year .
among those iyer will be competing against include veteran saxophonist james moody &apos;s &quot; moody 4b &quot; and keyboardist john beasley &apos;s &quot; positootly . &quot;
trombone shorty , a raucous new orleans favorite and frequent guest on hbo &apos;s &quot; treme , &quot; was honored in the contemporary jazz category , which otherwise tilts heavily toward fusion with nods toward albums by stanley clarke , john mclaughlin and jeff lorber .
the wild , steampunk-informed darcy james argue &apos;s secret society earned some well-deserved recognition in the large ensemble category , competing against the billy childs ensemble &apos;s rich chamber-jazz and the ever-adventurous dave holland , whose octet &apos;s live album &quot; pathways &quot; was a fine example of the bassist &apos;s democratic hand as a bandleader .
grammy awards nominations : michael daugherty , steve mackey lead classical categories
the classical nominations for the 53rd annual grammy awards feature a sprawling mix of musicians and composers from around the world .
leading the nominations are michael daugherty &apos;s &quot; deus ex machina , &quot; for piano and orchestra , with five nods , and steve mackey &apos;s &quot; dreamhouse , &quot; an eclectic orchestral work , with three nods .
among the nominees with ties to southern california is estonian composer arvo pärt for his symphony no. 4 , &quot; los angeles , &quot; a piece that was commissioned by the los angeles philharmonic and debuted at walt disney concert hall in 2009 .
l.a.-based composer avner dorman &apos;s mandolin concerto is also up for an award .
classical nominations are spread over 13 categories covering orchestral , operatic , choral and solo recordings .
a category for classical producer of the year features five nominees - blanton alspaugh , david frost , tim handley , marina and victor ledin and james mallinson .
the nominations for classical album are bruckner &apos;s symphonies no. 3 and 4 from the royal concertgebouw orchestra ; daugherty &apos;s &quot; deus ex machina &quot; and &quot; metropolis symphony &quot; from the nashville symphony orchestra ; steven mackey &apos;s &quot; dreamhouse &quot; from the boston modern orchestra project and synergy vocals ; &quot; sacrificium - the art of the castrati &quot; featuring various artists ; and verdi &apos;s &quot; requiem &quot; from the chicago symphony orchestra and chorus .
in the opera category , the nominees are berg &apos;s &quot; lulu &quot; from the orchestra of the royal opera house ; adolf hasse &apos;s &quot; marc antonio e cleopatra &quot; from ars lyrica houston ; kaija saariaho &apos;s &quot; l &apos;amour de loin &quot; from deutsches symphonie-orchester berlin ; rodion shchedrin &apos;s &quot; the enchanted wanderer &quot; from the orchestra and chorus of the mariinsky theatre ; and arthur sullivan &apos;s &quot; ivanhoe &quot; from the bbc national orchestra of wales .
composers who are up for grammys for contemporary composition include pärt for symphony no. 4 , daugherty for &quot; deus ex machina , &quot; hans werner henze for &quot; appassionatamente plus , &quot; magnus lindberg for &quot; graffiti &quot; and shchedrin for &quot; the enchanted wanderer . &quot;
pärt &apos;s symphony no. 4 had its premiere at disney hall in january 2009 in a performance that was recorded by the l.a. philharmonic , conducted by esa-pekka salonen .
the approximately 30-minute piece is dubbed &quot; los angeles &quot; and is dedicated to former oil tycoon mikhail khodorkovsky , who is imprisoned in russia .
dorman &apos;s &quot; mandolin concerto &quot; was nominated for instrumental soloist performance with orchestra .
the l.a. composer said that he wrote the 15-minute piece specifically for mandolin performer avi avital , who performed the concerto with the new york-based metropolis ensemble .
&quot; i wrote it using middle eastern sounds and a lot of north african scales and rhythms , &quot; said dorman in a phone interview .
conductor pierre boulez , 85 , received a nomination in the category of orchestral performance , for leading the chicago symphony in a recording of works by stravinsky .
instrumental soloists who received nominations include pianists nelson freire and marc-andré hamelin ; organist paul jacobs ; violinist julia fischer ; and harpist sarah schuster ericsson .
vocal-soloist nominees were all female this year and included anne sofie von otter , cecilia bartoli , lucia duchonová , vivica genaux and measha brueggergosman .
in the classical crossover category , soprano jessye norman received a nomination for her recording &quot; roots - my life , my song . &quot;
proposed temecula mosque wins planning commission approval
a proposed mosque in temecula has won the unanimous support of the local planning commission following more than five hours of often heated public testimony .
critics assailed the project as promoting both terrorism and traffic tie-ups .
but commissioners ruled wednesday night the new religious center complied with local laws and would be aesthetically impressive .
&quot; many good people came to support it - christians , jews , bahais , you name it , &quot; said hadi nael , chair of the islamic center of temecula valley , speaking thursday morning .
&quot; i &apos;m proud of that as an american citizen . &quot;
&quot; it shows that justice prevails . &quot;
&quot; the opposition is very minimal , &quot; he added .
&quot; they just have very loud voices . &quot;
&quot; we have beautiful people in this valley . &quot;
the meeting began at 6 p.m. and lasted until nearly midnight with most of the time taken up with people speaking for or against the center , about evenly divided , according to the press-enterprise .
the debate continued on the newspaper &apos;s website .
&quot; there is no more america , &quot; wrote one commenter .
&quot; it is another planet of the apes with miss liberty dead in the sand . &quot;
&quot; america has fallen . &quot;
planned islamic centers also have sparked protests in other parts of the country , including near ground zero , the site of the sept . 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks in new york city .
in the temecula valley , imam mahmoud harmoush has denounced violence .
his congregation of about 135 families has co-existed without incident in riverside county for years but wanted a larger and better space than the warehouse it rented on a property shared with a manufacturer of water-filtration systems .
the new 24,943-square-foot mosque with mediterranean-style architecture would include two minarets and rise as tall as 43 feet .
it would occupy a 4.32-acre site on nicolas road about two miles east of chaparral high school .
opponents can still appeal the project to the city council .
arsenic-tolerant microbe raises possibility of new types of life on earth , or elsewhere
the discovery of a strange bacteria that can use arsenic as one of its nutrients widens the scope for finding new forms of life on earth and possibly beyond .
while researchers discovered the unusual bacteria here on earth , they say it shows that life has possibilities beyond the major elements that have been considered essential .
&quot; this organism has dual capability . &quot;
&quot; it can grow with either phosphorous or arsenic . &quot;
&quot; that makes it very peculiar , though it falls short of being some form of truly &apos; alien &apos; life , &quot; commented paul c. w. davies of arizona state university , a co-author of the report appearing in thursday &apos;s online edition of the journal science .
six major elements have long been considered essential for life - carbon , hydrogen , nitrogen , oxygen , phosphorus and sulfur .
but the researchers found that the bacteria , discovered in mono lake , calif . , is able to continue to grow after substituting arsenic for phosphorous .
&quot; it makes you wonder what else is possible , &quot; said ariel d. anbar of arizona state university , a co-author of the report .
the find is important in the search for life beyond earth because researchers need to be able to recognize life , to know what life looks like , anbar said .
the study focuses on a microbe found on earth .
however , the announcement of a news conference to discuss it , which did not disclose details of the find , generated widespread speculation on the internet that the report would disclose the discovery of extraterrestrial life .
it didn &apos;t .
the discovery &quot; does show that in other planetary environments organisms might be able to use other elements to drive biochemistry and that the &apos; standard &apos; set of elements we think are absolutely necessary for life might not be so fixed , &quot; commented charles cockell , professor at the planetary and space sciences research institute , open university , in milton keynes , united kingdom .
cockell was not part of the research team .
&quot; this work is novel because it shows the substitution of one element for another in fundamental biochemistry and biochemical structure , &quot; added cockell .
it wasn &apos;t a chance discovery .
felisa wolfe-simon of nasa &apos;s astrobiology institute , who led the study , targeted mono lake because it has high arsenic levels .
arsenic and phosphorous are chemically similar , so she speculated that a microbe exposed to both might be able to substitute one for the other .
&quot; arsenic is toxic mainly because its chemical behavior is so similar to that of phosphorus . &quot;
&quot; as a result , organisms have a hard time telling these elements apart . &quot;
&quot; but arsenic is different enough that it doesn &apos;t work as well as phosphorus , so it gets in there and sort of gums up the works of our biochemical machinery , &quot; explained anbar .
the researchers collected the bacteria known as gfaj-1 and exposed it to increasing concentrations of arsenic , which it was able to adapt to and grow .
the microbe does grow better on phosphorous , but showing that it can live with arsenic instead raises the possibility that a life form using arsenic could occur naturally , either elsewhere on earth or on another planet or moon where arsenic is more common .
jamie s. foster , an assistant professor of microbiology at the university of florida , said the idea that arsenic could be substituted for phosphorous isn &apos;t new , but there has never been example where it was shown to work .
arsenic was more common in the early times on earth , she said , so researchers have speculated that early life forms might have used it .
&quot; it does suggest that that there could be other ways to form life , not just how life formed on early earth , &quot; said foster , who was not part of wolfe-simon &apos;s research team .
the research was supported by nasa , the department of energy and the national institutes of health .
remaining stolen show dogs found in compton
the remaining two of four show dogs stolen from outside a bellflower motel have been found , los angeles county sheriff &apos;s officials said thursday .
the four show dogs - two akitas and two pembroke welsh corgis - vanished tuesday when someone stole the 2006 chevrolet express van they had spent the night in outside a bellflower motel 6 , authorities said .
two of the canines were recovered wednesday afternoon , and the remaining two were found late wednesday evening , said to steve whitmore , a spokesman for the los angeles county sheriff &apos;s department .
&quot; the good news is that the dogs are fine , &quot; said whitmore .
&quot; they are in good condition . &quot;
&quot; they have been returned to their rightful owners . &quot;
whitmore declined to say precisely where the dogs were found , in what neighborhood , and the circumstances surrounding their discovery .
&quot; there is an investigation going on . &quot;
&quot; we don &apos;t want to say , &quot; whitmore said .
&quot; we are following leads . &quot;
the dogs owners , kristina rickard and david peek , could not be reached for comment thursday .
they were reunited with their two akitas at a county-run animal shelter in downey on wednesday afternoon .
sheriff &apos;s deputies found the van and the two dogs separately in compton .
the akitas - trace , a 3-year-old male , and didi , a 10-month-old female - were unharmed , authorities said .
but bunny and peter , the corgis rickard and peek planned to show at area competitions this week on behalf of the dogs &apos; japanese owners , remained missing until their discovering late wednesday .
peek and rickard , who live in redding , are in town for the akc / eukanuba national championship in long beach this weekend , where they planned to show trace .
the other dogs were expected to compete in other competitions scheduled in the days before the akc / eukanuba show , peek told the times on wednesday .
southern california is one stop on the couple &apos;s nearly month-long tour of dog shows .
on monday night , peek and rickard checked into the motel .
they often stay in motels and park their van right outside their room window .
they brought three other dogs - a boxer puppy , a parson russell terrier and a brittany - which stayed with them in the motel room .
but they left the thick-furred akitas and corgis in the van where it would be cooler .
they opened the windows a bit , so the dogs could get fresh air .
peek and rickard reported the van stolen at 6 a.m. tuesday .
peek had said they would offer a reward to anyone who could lead them to the corgis , which are implanted with microchips to identify them .
it was unclear thursday whether an award would be given .
lion ready to roar again as mgm restructuring gets final court go-ahead
after 18 months of turmoil and uncertainty , mgm has finally gotten a green light to start anew .
a new york federal bankruptcy judge on thursday officially blessed the &quot; pre-packaged &quot; plan by creditors to wipe out about $ 5 billion in debt , clearing the way for the 86-year-old entertainment company to focus its efforts on producing and releasing movies and television shows .
with thursday &apos;s ruling that the plan meets the requirements of the u.s. bankruptcy code , no more legal obstacles remain for mgm to relaunch under spyglass entertainment founders gary barber and roger birnbaum , who will become chief executives of what will be a slimmed-down studio .
the staff will drop to about 320 from over 400 .
mgm will not actually emerge from chapter 11 until jpmorgan chase closes a planned $ 500-million loan facility to fund the new mgm &apos;s operations and productions .
it is currently being syndicated by the investment bank - which is itself kicking in $ 75 million - and is expected to be funded by mid-december .
the studio &apos;s restructuring process began in may 2009 , when investment bank moelis &amp; co. was hired to advise management on how to fix its finances as it was struggling to afford interest payments of $ 300 million per year .
that august , chief executive harry sloan was replaced by stephen cooper , a former ceo of enron and a turnaround expert known for his work at krispy kreme doughnuts .
moelis &apos; and cooper &apos;s attempts to resolve mgm &apos;s financial woes and satisfy the studio &apos;s 140-plus creditors took much longer than expected .
after several months of discussions , the parties agreed in late 2009 to put the company up for sale .
however , the auction attracted few bidders and none willing to pay the $ 2 billion-plus that creditors were seeking .
by the spring of this year , it was back to the drawing board as the mgm team began working on a restructuring plan that , after months of debate and internal disagreements , was finally endorsed by creditors in late october .
when mgm officially emerges from bankruptcy in the coming weeks , moelis and cooper &apos;s firms will receive multimillion-dollar bonuses for their work .
moelis &amp; co . , which has already received $ 1.2 million , will get a $ 9.5-million payment .
cooper &apos;s firms , which have been collecting $ 375,000 per month for their services running the company , will receive a $ 4-million &quot; success fee . &quot;
barber and birnbaum plan to restart production at mgm , which released only one movie this year , and put together an annual slate of seven or eight films that will come out starting in 2012 .
they also plan to co-finance two movies based on &quot; the hobbit , &quot; along with warner bros.
the studio needs to close a separate loan of between $ 265 million and $ 275 million to fund its portion of those two movies , which are to be directed by peter jackson .
investor carl icahn , who owns about 18 % of mgm &apos;s debt , had been seeking to arrange a merger of the studio with lions gate entertainment , in which he is the largest shareholder .
however , recent talks between the two companies have not resulted in a deal .
tech toys to keep your gift budget in balance
while the leading candidate for this year &apos;s most marvelous toy is the ipad , followed by , perhaps , a microsoft kinect video game system , both can put a significant dent in your gift budget .
consider that for the price of one ipad , you can buy five $ 99 bmx bicycles , and that one kinect game costs the same as 10 classic beaded jump ropes , or about 48 cans of play-doh .
but there are ways to keep your gift budget in balance .
i recently visited three national toy sellers - a wal-mart , a toys &quot; r &quot; us and a bj &apos;s wholesale club - to see what electronic toys i could buy for less than $ 80 .
it was immediately clear that moore &apos;s law has been at work ; this year &apos;s technology toy is likely to have more power , while costing the same if not a bit less compared with last year &apos;s .
in addition , while there are generally fewer new toys with associated web sites , two of the most well known of this type , webkinz and club penguin , have more offerings .
and button-cell powered toys are increasing , as well as toys with rechargable batteries .
here are some recommendations .
( all prices are from toys &quot; r &quot; us , except if otherwise noted . )
sing-a-ma-jigs ( mattel , $ 13 , for ages 3 and up ) are guinea pig-sized plush toys that sing a note when you squeeze their bellies .
one squeeze equals one note , and a second squeeze starts building a song .
if you buy more than one , they &apos;ll sing in harmony .
caution : once you start squeezing , you can &apos;t stop .
for singing combined with dancing , dance star mickey ( fisher-price , $ 60 , for ages 2 and up ) is the best choice .
borrowing on last year &apos;s elmo live technology , the 14-inch animatronic doll plays turn-taking games like simon says , and can moon walk , thanks to his innovative hinged feet with locking wheels .
children testing the toy used mickey as a dance instructor although their parents complained about the lack of a volume control .
if you &apos;re a child of the &apos; 80s , you may recall alphie , one of the first computerized educational toys .
he &apos;s back , ( hasbro / playskool , $ 40 , for ages 3 and up ) , with a backpack full of quiz cards designed to turn a car ride into a session with a self-correcting , wisecracking workbook .
if you &apos;re leery of handing your child your smartphone , here are three stand-alone alternatives .
vtech &apos;s mobigo ( $ 60 , for ages 3 to 8 ) is the cheapest and easiest to use , featuring a qwerty keyboard , although the games don &apos;t teach as effectively as the leapster explorer ( $ 70 , for ages 3 to 12 ) , leapfrog &apos;s first major overhaul of the leapster line , with a newer , brighter screen .
neither version is compatible with older cartridges .
fisher-price &apos;s ixl ( $ 90 , for ages 3 to 7 ) uses an itunes-like system to deliver games and e-books , and has an sd card slot that makes it possible to display family photos .
finally , scrabble flash ( $ 30 , hasbro , for ages 8 and up ) is a set of five blocks just larger than a book of matches , each with its own led screen .
the goal is to make words by placing the blocks in a row before time runs out ; it &apos;s great for an impromptu spelling contest .
increasingly , toys have some sort of online connection .
based on their presence in toy stores alone , the two largest are webkinz and club penguin .
to buy your child an online pet in club penguin , for example , you can get a disney club penguin 2 &quot; mix &apos; n match figure pack , $ 5 , for ages 6 to 12 ) that includes a coin with a hidden code .
when you redeem the code online , your child is given enough credits in the club penguin store for any two items .
these might include roller skates or a pet puffle toy .
slightly larger than the bristle-end of your toothbrush , hexbug nano ( $ 10 , for ages 5 and up ) is the latest in a line of button-cell powered micro-robots .
the faux bug moves quickly on 12 vibrating silicon legs , in random directions .
it is fun to make a maze out of blocks to see if it can find its way through .
it &apos;s durable , too .
ours was able to drop off the kitchen table and even spent some time inside our dog &apos;s mouth .
bringing a softer side to policing in china
like an urban drill sergeant , tang shenbin paced on a city square , sternly inspecting his nervous charges , issuing sotto voce commands with military authority .
he wanted the female members of chengguan - china &apos;s burly enforcers of urban order , feared and despised for their capricious crackdowns and penchant for violence - to convey a certain impression to a clutch of onlookers .
&quot; stand straight ! &quot;
&quot; look sharp ! &quot;
show them , he whispered , &quot; what pretty girls are like ! &quot;
four barely-past-teenage girls in white gloves and identical olive jackets and pants snapped to attention .
four pairs of black pumps lined up ruler-straight .
four prim hats perched perfectly atop hair bound in blue and white striped bows .
&quot; personally , i think they are average-looking , &quot; mr. tang said , dismissively .
&quot; models are pretty . &quot;
more than one government has tried to brush up the image of china &apos;s urban inspectors .
one city mandated that all new recruits have a college degree .
guangdong province changed the gray-green uniforms to a supposedly more inviting blue .
wuhan , in central china , substituted stare-downs for strong-arming : in 2009 , one report stated , 50 officers encircled a wayward snack cart , glowering steadily for a half hour until the peddler packed up and left .
xindu , an urban district of 680,000 in chengdu , has chosen major image surgery .
since 2003 , the district has supplemented its urban street police with 13 women , specifically chosen for their looks , shapeliness and youth .
the idea is to give the rough-hewn police a softer , feminine side .
unfortunately , even scarlett johansson might struggle to raise china &apos;s subterranean regard for these city squads .
and for good reason , critics would argue .
unlike the police , these officers are authorized only to enforce city ordinances by imposing fines and other administrative penalties .
but the chinese news media routinely portray a different reality .
in january 2008 , hubei province inspectors beat a bystander to death after he used his cellphone to film them breaking up a protest against a waste dump .
last year , a training manual for beijing inspectors , pilfered and posted online , described how to effectively thrash offenders without drawing blood .
this year , a shanghai watermelon peddler was left brain-damaged after a scuffle with five officers .
one violence-soaked video game , available for download online , features chinese-trained inspectors who assault street vendors .
&quot; chengguan has scarred the government , &quot; china daily , a national publication , lamented last year after yet another controversy over tactics .
the paper demanded a &quot; truly thorough clean-up . &quot;
skeptics say the approach here falls far short of that .
after the district advertised for eight new female recruits in october , an editorial in the beijing evening news questioned whether the women had actual duties or were simply scenic diversions .
the answer appears to be a little of both .
the district &apos;s advertisement called for female applicants 18 to 22 years old , with a good figure and &quot; the five facial features in proper order . &quot;
they should be above-average height - taller than 1.6 meters or 5 feet , 2 ½ inches .
retirement at age 26 is mandatory .
officials said the job was physically too arduous for women over 25 .
&quot; their image is the important thing , &quot; one unnamed district official told rednet.com , a quasi-governmental web site .
&quot; first , the candidates &apos; external qualities will determine if they make the cut , such as height , weight , facial features , etc . &quot;
next comes temperament and &quot; inner qualities . &quot;
female chengguan are like flower vases , he said , adding , &quot; besides being vases , they will have other responsibilities . &quot;
zheng lihua , the deputy director of the district &apos;s city management bureau , is not eager to endorse that description .
but he noted that height requirements were standard in many chinese job advertisements for both sexes .
so is the demand for orderly facial features .
whether that means good-looking is a matter of debate among chinese .
certainly , the disabled or disfigured need not apply .
&quot; we can &apos;t let a lame person or a hunchback come to serve here , &quot; mr. zheng said .
&quot; his image would not be good . &quot;
liu yi , who patrols the baoguang square near a monastery , is 22 , apple-cheeked with a finely curved mouth .
she does not consider the stress on her appearance to be sexist , she said .
&quot; do you think i look sexy in this uniform ? &quot; she asked with a wry look .
said her dimpled co-worker , 21-year-old xu yang , &quot; our job is to present the city &apos;s image . &quot;
they do not object to their limited tenure either , they said , because they harbor career ambitions greater than simply shooing vendors into the alleyways where they are supposed to confine their business .
every morning , the squad faces off against a dozen or so peddlers who dart around on foot or bicycle , trying to sell as many buns or bowls of tofu as possible before they are run off .
&quot; master wang , you have to leave . &quot;
&quot; we have told you many times ! &quot; said ms. xu as one vendor fled on foot , temporarily deserting his bicycle-drawn cart of noodle-fixings .
the officers describe their duties as more monotonous than strenuous .
&quot; it is pretty much the same every day , &quot; said huang jing , 20 , who studies marketing in her off hours .
&quot; very routine . &quot;
one reason is that female officers lack the power of their male counterparts to confiscate vendors &apos; goods .
they can only threaten to report violators to their male supervisors .
that tends to shield them from the sudden public displays of animosity against officialdom that are common throughout china .
this year hundreds of citizens in kunming , the yunnan provincial capital , rioted after false rumors spread that chengguan officers had killed a vendor .
more than a dozen police or chengguan officers were injured in the nighttime episode ; 14 government vehicles were overturned or set on fire .
xindu has so far escaped such violence .
but calm is hardly guaranteed .
just two blocks from placid baoguang square , where the female officers patrolled that morning , more than 50 people gathered on a street corner .
officers had confiscated a motorcycle that was being repaired on the sidewalk instead of inside a shop , as regulations require .
the bike &apos;s owner was crying foul .
a 15-minute standoff ensued before the officers , grim-faced , elbowed their way to their vehicles and sped off with the motorcycle and its owner .
li xuedong , 40 , a coordinator attached to the male squad , remained behind , his white badge flipped over to conceal his name .
like the female officers , the coordinators - men age 40 or over - play a purely supportive role .
unlike them , they are not schooled in maintaining a polished image .
&quot; sometimes we fight verbally . &quot;
&quot; sometimes we fight physically , &quot; mr. li said matter-of-factly .
&quot; most of the time it is the public who starts it . &quot;
prosecutors won &apos;t charge senator ensign
justice department prosecutors have cleared senator john ensign of criminal allegations arising from his affair with a former campaign aide and his efforts to secure lobbying work for the woman &apos;s husband , the senator &apos;s lawyers announced wednesday .
the decision ends the most serious legal threat facing mr. ensign , the nevada republican who was considered a possible republican presidential candidate in 2012 until the scandal over his affair made national headlines last year and damaged his career .
mr. ensign &apos;s office said he was &quot; certainly pleased &quot; by the decision , which followed a yearlong investigation .
the senator could still face disciplinary action by the senate ethics committee .
mr. ensign &apos;s lawyers said the justice department had &quot; informed us that senator ensign is no longer a target of its investigation and that it has no plans to bring any charges against him in this matter . &quot;
the justice department declined to comment on the case .
the announcement came as something of a surprise to many ethics lawyers outside the justice department , who said there appeared to be significant evidence to indicate that mr. ensign may have conspired to violate a criminal ban on federal lobbying .
interviews , e-mail and other documents first disclosed in october 2009 in the new york times indicated that mr. ensign had helped douglas hampton , who was one of his aides , secure lucrative lobbying work to win the silence of mr. hampton and his wife , cynthia , about the senator &apos;s affair with her .
mrs. hampton once served as treasurer of an ensign campaign .
mr. ensign contacted a number of political backers to find work for mr. hampton and then advocated on their behalf after they had hired mr. hampton to lobby for them , according to the documents and interviews .
because mr. hampton had recently been an aide to mr. ensign , he was barred by law from lobbying his former employer or the senate as a whole for a year .
ethics experts said the unusual arrangement between mr. ensign and mr. hampton , who were close friends before the affair , appeared at odds with the so-called revolving door lobbying ban .
from the evidence that has been made public , &quot; there appeared to be a prima facie case of a conspiracy to violate , and substantial violation of the revolving door statute , &quot; said stanley brand , a washington lawyer who specializes in defending clients investigated by the government .
while justice department officials declined to explain the reasoning behind the decision in the ensign case , mr. brand and other ethics lawyers said the department appeared wary of taking on political prosecutions after a number of high-profile setbacks for its public integrity section , including the decision last year to drop the prosecution against former senator ted stevens amid charges of prosecutorial misconduct .
federal prosecutors &quot; are clearly gun shy , &quot; said melanie sloan , the executive director of citizens for responsibility and ethics in washington , an advocacy group that brought several complaints against mr. ensign in the case .
&quot; this basically says high-ranking government officials can now assume the laws don &apos;t apply to them , &quot; she added .
paul coggins , mr. ensign &apos;s lead lawyer , said in an interview that he received a phone call from a justice department prosecutor on monday and a follow-up the next day , telling him that the department was not seeking charges against his client .
mr. ensign &apos;s defense team had been cooperating with prosecutors in trying to persuade them that the senator , as his office reiterated in a statement wednesday , &quot; acted in accordance with the law . &quot;
mr. coggins declined to spell out the legal arguments he made to prosecutors .
&quot; i &apos;m not comfortable going into the details of my discussions with the justice department except to say that we think they made the right decision , &quot; he said .
last month , the federal election commission decided to drop an investigation into a separate complaint by the ethics group alleging that a $ 96,000 payment from mr. ensign &apos;s parents to the hamptons violated federal election law .
the election commission said it did not have enough evidence to prove the money was anything except a gift .
one company for which mr. ensign helped mr. hampton find lobbying work was nv energy , a major nevada company that had long supported the senator .
one e-mail sent in december 2008 showed that after the company brought mr. hampton on as a lobbyist , mr. ensign &apos;s chief of staff , john lopez , communicated with mr. hampton and told him that he was &quot; pounding &quot; the interior department over an issue in dispute .
mr. ensign also attended a lunch with mr. hampton and another nevada client , allegiant air , and called the transportation secretary to set up a meeting on the airline &apos;s behalf after it had hired mr. hampton to do lobbying work .
when news of the affair first surfaced last year , mr. ensign apologized to his constituents and resigned his position as the fourth-ranking republican leader in the senate .
after keeping a low profile for many months , mr. ensign told reporters two weeks ago that he planned to run for a third term in the senate .
in announcing that mr. ensign was no longer the target of a criminal investigation , his spokeswoman , jennifer cooper , said the senator hoped the ethics committee would quickly follow the justice department &apos;s lead and end its inquiry .
&quot; senator ensign looks forward to continuing his hard work on behalf of the people of nevada , &quot; she said .
cheshire appeal will point to twitter
there were half a dozen of them typing away in the courtroom rows .
minute by minute , they sent out reports of gruesome testimony via twitter .
in the end , the defense says , there were more than 140,000 twitter messages about the trial that dealt with rape and children tied to their beds in a house that was set ablaze .
on thursday , the widely followed trial of steven j. hayes , who was convicted of killing three members of a cheshire , conn . , family , is set to come to an official end with the judge &apos;s imposition of the death sentence voted for by the jury .
but lawyers for mr. hayes have already made court filings that sketch out appeals arguments that are likely to occupy the courts for years .
one of the most provocative is that the intense reporting on the trial - including mainstream reporters &apos; extensive use of twitter - created a &quot; circus atmosphere &quot; and such widespread , instant saturation with inflammatory details that the jury was improperly swayed by public passions .
the claim could force appeals judges to grapple with the question of whether new technology requires new courtroom rules .
&quot; as i experienced it during this trial , i think there &apos;s a real danger that the inclusion of new technology in the courtroom is affecting an individual &apos;s fair-trial rights , &quot; said thomas j. ullmann , mr. hayes &apos;s chief defense lawyer .
the trial judge , jon c. blue of state superior court , tersely rejected the claims in a ruling last week , saying that the news media were &quot; carefully controlled &quot; and that there was no evidence the jury was driven by passion .
but that is not likely to be the last word on the issue .
for decades , appeals courts have recognized that coverage of notorious cases can raise questions about a trial &apos;s fairness .
in a landmark 1966 ruling , the united states supreme court overturned the conviction of a cleveland osteopath , dr. sam sheppard , for the murder of his wife , saying in its decision , sheppard v. maxwell , that there was a &quot; carnival atmosphere at trial &quot; because of the news media .
the crime is believed by some to have been the inspiration for the television show and the movie &quot; the fugitive . &quot;
some lawyers said appeals courts reviewing mr. hayes &apos;s conviction half a century later might be intrigued by the argument that new rules could be necessary to govern ways of communicating from courtrooms unimagined at the time of dr. sheppard &apos;s case .
&quot; there is a general reason for concern about the impact of the new media &quot; in high-profile trials , said john j. donohue iii , a stanford law school professor who studied the connecticut death penalty and wrote a report that said it was arbitrarily enforced .
professor donohue said some appeals judges might be intrigued by the idea that limiting instant communication from courtrooms might make trials fairer .
the twitter issue is just one of many outlined by mr. hayes &apos;s lawyers that are likely to be argued for years , delaying an execution .
the defense lawyers also claim , for example , that mr. hayes may have been prejudiced when judge blue declined to allow them to test potential jurors &apos; reactions by showing them grisly crime-scene photographs during jury selection .
some of the jurors have said they were horrified by the photographs of the victims , jennifer hawke-petit , 48 , and her daughters , hayley , 17 , and michaela , 11 .
the defense lawyers say they will also challenge the constitutionality of the death penalty and argue that the judge wrongly removed a juror who had been critical of prosecutors and that he improperly added pressure for a verdict by his unusual decision to direct the jury to deliberate over a weekend .
the jurors were not sequestered .
but their arguments about the effect of the intense coverage of the trial may draw the most interest .
they noted in a challenge to the verdict filed last month that the case dominated the news in connecticut and was discussed during the election campaign by candidates for governor and the united states senate .
they argued that the news media continually fanned the flames of emotion about the case .
&quot; the daily crush of media tweets , cameras and reporters outside the courthouse , &quot; the lawyers wrote , &quot; was unlike anything ever seen here in new haven and maybe statewide . &quot;
their focus on the twitter coverage is controversial .
in interviews , some journalists said the claim that instant news was more incendiary than reports delivered more slowly was a luddite view that would make poor court policy governing coverage of future trials .
but some lawyers said appeals courts were often attracted to arguments that social and technological changes required adaptation by the courts .
mr. hayes &apos;s lawyers are pressing that claim .
in their filing , they referred to the supreme court &apos;s 1966 decision overturning dr. sheppard &apos;s conviction because of the trial coverage and made it clear they would claim that the new media required new rules .
&quot; this case , &quot; they wrote , &quot; represents the sheppard v. maxwell of the 21st century . &quot;
can civility bridge the divide ?
after a campaign notable for invective and negativity , a modicum of civility has broken out in washington this week .
is it a harbinger of genuine bipartisan cooperation ahead or an illusory moment before a quick return to partisan combat in the capital ?
tuesday &apos;s meeting between president obama and congressional leaders produced no breakthroughs on the big issues that must be dealt with during the lame-duck session .
but by all accounts , it was at least a polite discussion of the two sides &apos; differences as well as a recognition of their shared responsibilities to govern , rather than another empty episode of partisan point scoring .
wednesday &apos;s public meeting of the president &apos;s deficit commission was equally civilized , despite the policy differences that remain among the members .
it seems clear that close interaction over a period of months produced a mutual respect that transcends the ideological gulf that still separates the members .
that &apos;s hardly enough to declare that a new era of cooperation has arrived .
both sides are now in a period of testing - probing one another for signs of cooperativeness and compromise while trying to evaluate the limits of public opinion and voters &apos; patience for renewed partisan warfare .
which is why the meeting on tuesday and the participants &apos; reviews of it afterward were done with a minimum of demands or accusations .
the philosophical differences between obama and the republicans are too large and too deeply held to suggest any quick change in the climate that existed during the past two years .
whether the issue is taxes , spending , health care or entitlements , the two sides remain miles apart .
still , the november election has tempered washington , at least in the short term .
&quot; there &apos;s no question that tonally things have changed , &quot; said pete wehner , a bush administration official now with the ethics and public policy center .
&quot; those are inevitable after elections .
elections arouse partisan passions , and then they die down .
that is good . &quot;
on some issues , particularly those on the agenda for the lame-duck session , republicans and democrats have little choice but to find a solution .
the bush tax cuts expire at the end of the year , and nobody favors that .
both sides want to find a way to preserve some or all of them , permanently or temporarily .
similarly , compromise is likely on extending unemployment benefits , if only because republicans can &apos;t afford to look like they favor tax cuts for the wealthy while denying jobless workers unemployment compensation .
after tuesday &apos;s meeting at the white house , there is greater optimism for a possible deal on these issues during the lame duck session , along with ratification of the new start pact .
but william galston of the brookings institution cautions that successful cooperation on the pressing issues of the lame-duck session will not necessarily lead to continued bipartisanship when the new 112th congress convenes in january .
instead , he said , a period of disagreement is likely , even inevitable .
&quot; after things that have to get done get done , the psychology in the short term will revert to one of confrontation , &quot; he said .
wehner , too , expressed skepticism - which is widely shared - that civility will lead to real cooperation .
&quot; i view most of what happens between now and 2012 as an undercard , or shadow boxing , to the main event in 2012 , &quot; he said .
the reasons have much to do with the makeup of the new republican majority in the house and the tea party voters who were instrumental in creating it .
however mindful republican leaders are of the dangers of overplaying their hand , they know they must try to live up to their promises to cut government spending and repeal the new health-care law .
those partisan lines are already clear in the initial reactions to the deficit commission recommendations , which include reforming the tax code and raising some taxes , raising the retirement age and cutting spending .
co-chairs alan simpson and erskine bowles have taken on one of the most difficult jobs in washington and have , in their own estimation , forced the issue of the deficit onto the public agenda in ways that can &apos;t be ignored .
but they need 14 votes on the 18-member commission to issue their plan as an official recommendation , and they have been struggling to get anywhere close to that number .
the greatest resistance is among the elected officials on the panel , suggesting that on fiscal issues there is , today at least , little grounds for or desire for compromise .
galston predicts two phases in the battles between the white house and congressional republicans .
the first will come next year in the form of partisan clashes , as republicans challenge obama on the budget , taxes and health care , followed later by a period of greater bipartisan cooperation .
what would cause the shift ?
public opinion .
there is considerable evidence that , despite the partisanship of the recent election , a majority of americans still want to see the two parties work together .
if confrontation leads to stalemate , as it did in 1995 , then both parties will be carefully watching the public reaction .
whoever is judged to be losing is likely to shift course and seek compromise .
that , however , may be an optimistic view .
partisanship and polarization are greater today than they were in the mid-1990s , and there appears to be a bigger ideological gap between obama and congressional republicans than there was between president bill clinton and the republicans then .
at the same time , activists in both parties see 2010 as mere prelude to a more consequential election in 2012 .
given that reality , the civility on display this week may be welcomed by many americans .
but it will take much more effort on the part of both sides to find common ground on the issues that still divide them .
leaked u.s. document portrays moscow as haven of corruption
control of the city is in the hands of a &quot; kleptocracy , &quot; and it passes on a portion of the bribes and protection money it collects all the way to the kremlin , the u.s. embassy in russia reported in a memo in february .
both the police and the federal security service run huge protection rackets that help account for the high cost of living in moscow , it said .
they collect money not only from legitimate businesses but from organized criminal groups as well .
each layer of the bureaucracy - what prime minister vladimir putin has termed the &quot; vertical of authority &quot; - takes its cut as the money moves up the ladder .
the memo , which was sent to washington under the name of ambassador john beyrle , was posted by wikileaks on its web site wednesday .
the memo is based on sources whose names have been redacted .
it was written while yuri luzhkov was still moscow &apos;s mayor , and it blames him for much of the corruption .
he was fired in october by president dmitry medvedev , but there has been little evidence of a cleanup since then .
luzhkov and his wife , yelena baturina , who owns a prominent construction firm , have consistently denied corruption accusations over the years , and he has won several libel suits over such accusations .
in september he told a russian television station , when asked about a documentary suggesting he was corrupt : &quot; it is mad , it is filth , it is a mess . &quot;
russians overwhelmingly believe that theirs is a corrupt society , polls have shown .
but it is unusual to find the particulars spelled out as they were in the embassy &apos;s report , and it is unheard of that it should be diplomats from a foreign country doing so .
&quot; the moscow city government &apos;s direct links to criminality have led some to call it &apos; dysfunctional , &apos; and to assert that the government operates more as a kleptocracy than a government , &quot; the memo says .
&quot; criminal elements enjoy a &apos; krysha &apos; ( a term from the criminal / mafia world literally meaning &apos; roof &apos; or protection ) that runs through the police , the federal security service ( fsb ) , ministry of internal affairs ( mvd ) , and the prosecutor &apos;s office , as well as throughout the moscow city government bureaucracy .
&quot; analysts identify a three-tiered structure in moscow &apos;s criminal world . &quot;
&quot; luzhkov is at the top . &quot;
&quot; the fsb , mvd and militia are at the second level . &quot;
&quot; finally , ordinary criminals and corrupt inspectors are at the lowest level . &quot;
&quot; this is an inefficient system in which criminal groups fill a void in some areas because the city is not providing some services . &quot;
the report says that the fsb rakes in money from the biggest firms , and that the police target small businesses .
one source , it said , &quot; explained that moscow business owners understand that it is best to get protection from the mvd and fsb ( rather than organized crime groups ) since they not only have more guns , resources , and power than criminal groups , but they are also protected by the law . &quot;
&quot; for this reason , protection from criminal gangs is no longer so high in demand . &quot;
the memo notes that , while the collection of money is comprehensive , the protection itself can be spotty ; even those who pay are sometimes subject to arrest .
those who do not pay quickly find their businesses shut down on one pretext or another .
medvedev has talked several times about fighting corruption but has admitted that he has made little headway .
the embassy memo relays reports of men taking suitcases , presumably stuffed with cash , into the kremlin itself .
&quot; in his fight against corruption , medvedev has to rely on bureaucrats , &quot; georgy satarov , director of the moscow think tank indem , said in a recent interview .
&quot; but he is a part of this bureaucracy . &quot;
&quot; he is not part of a political class , because a political class doesn &apos;t exist in russia anymore . &quot;
without politics , without an opposition , without a separation of powers , he said , corruption is inevitable .
nationwide , indem estimates that corruption costs russia more than $ 300 billion a year .
the country was ranked 154th in a recent survey on global perceptions of corruption by the nongovernmental organization transparency international ( countries are ranked from least to most corrupt ) .
the disclosure of the u.s. embassy memo , which didn &apos;t occur until late evening moscow time , is sure to stir displeasure within the russian government , although to the extent that luzhkov can be blamed for moscow &apos;s failings , it might be an opportunity for the kremlin to argue that it is solving the problem .
interviewed for cnn by larry king , putin suggested that the wikileaks documents may be fabrications and reacted angrily to a disclosure that u.s. diplomats had called him batman to medvedev &apos;s robin .
&quot; the truth of the matter is , this is about our interaction , which is an important factor of the domestic policies in this country , &quot; he said .
&quot; but to be honest with you , we didn &apos;t suspect that this would be done with such arrogance , with such a push and , you know , being so unethically done . &quot;
khmer rouge veterans forced to confront the past
in a dimly lighted concrete classroom with smudged and peeling walls , the principal of anlong veng high school recalled the man who had built it , the late khmer rouge leader ta mok .
&quot; everyone here loves ta mok . &quot;
&quot; he was a good leader , and he cared about his people , &quot; said sreng kor ma , 42 .
known as &quot; the butcher &quot; for his brutality during khmer rouge rule , the commander remains popular in this remote former khmer rouge stronghold in northwestern cambodia , where he built hospitals , bridges and other infrastructure and where thousands of the organization &apos;s former soldiers still live .
but this year , 12 years after the khmer rouge surrendered to the government , long-held loyalties are finally being challenged in anlong veng .
in april , a local truth and reconciliation forum allowed victims to publicly confront people who had participated in the regime .
in june , the government distributed a high school textbook here that for the first time teaches the history of the khmer rouge to the children of its former soldiers .
and in july , a joint u.n. and cambodian tribunal handed down its first conviction of a former khmer rouge member , sentencing the onetime chief of the notorious tuol sleng torture center , kaing khek iev , better known as duch , to 35 years in prison .
with each of those developments , anxiety has grown among anlong veng &apos;s khmer rouge veterans , complicating efforts at reconciliation and their attempts to reintegrate into cambodian society .
&quot; there is resentment and fear among the former khmer rouge , but they are powerless to do anything , &quot; said chhang youk , head of the documentation center of cambodia , an independent organization that researches the regime .
&quot; for them , life under the khmer rouge was glorious , but the regime has become symbolic of evil . &quot;
&quot; it is creating divisions within families . &quot;
during the khmer rouge rule of cambodia , from 1975 until 1979 , an estimated 1.7 million people were executed or died from starvation , disease or overwork .
when the vietnamese invaded and toppled the pol pot-led government in 1979 , remnants of the regime and its military fled to cambodia &apos;s border with thailand .
there they launched an insurgency that endured until the last of the movement surrendered in december 1998 .
as pol pot , nuon chea and ieng sary directed the guerrilla war from their bases in western cambodia &apos;s mountains and jungles , ta mok cultivated a following in anlong veng .
but in the mid-1990s , after a u.n.-sponsored peace agreement led to the country &apos;s first democratic elections in 1993 , large groups of khmer rouge fighters began defecting to the government , culminating in the surrenders of ieng sary in 1996 and nuon chea and khieu samphan in 1998 .
pol pot died of natural causes in 1998 , and ta mok , who had held out , was captured by government forces in 1999 in the nearby dangrek mountains .
he died in a phnom penh prison in 2006 while awaiting trial .
with their benefactors no longer providing for them , most former khmer rouge fighters have descended into the grinding poverty common in rural cambodia , and many remain nostalgic for the movement .
although a few elite khmer rouge officials kept their local government posts in exchange for laying down their arms , the rank and file remain poor , unskilled farmers .
&quot; these people have benefited very little following the surrender , &quot; said sok leang of the center for justice and reconciliation , which holds public forums throughout cambodia , including in anlong veng .
&quot; they are embedded with the utopian agrarian ideology of the regime . &quot;
&quot; they were brought up with no concept of doing business . &quot;
sor lim , 55 , who joined the khmer rouge as a teenager in 1974 , fought in the jungle around anlong veng before settling down to life as a poor rice farmer in 1998 .
&quot; life under the khmer rouge was good , &quot; he said .
&quot; ta mok fed everyone . &quot;
&quot; but now , life is difficult because we have to provide for ourselves . &quot;
the ongoing khmer rouge tribunal has also provoked worries here .
early next year , the court is expected to begin trying nuon chea , khieu samphan , ieng sary and his wife , ieng thirith , another former khmer rouge minister .
the court &apos;s mandate is to prosecute senior leaders and those most responsible for crimes , but it has not said whether it will pursue cases beyond those four .
this has done little to calm fears in anlong veng .
recent media speculation has centered on im chaem , 64 , who was a district chief in banteay meanchey province during khmer rouge rule in the late 1970s .
in 2007 , she told researchers from the documentation center of cambodia that she had supervised construction of the trapeang thma dam , a project in which thousands of forced laborers are thought to have died .
on a sweltering recent evening , im chaem returned from working in the fields to her wooden stilt house on a dirt road outside anlong veng .
as the sun cast long shadows across the parched grass , im chaem declined to discuss her past in the khmer rouge .
if the court summoned her , she said , she would refuse to go .
&quot; cambodia is at peace and stable , &quot; she said .
&quot; if there are more prosecutions , there will be war . &quot;
prime minister hun sen , who defected from the khmer rouge in 1978 , has also repeatedly warned that instability will occur if the court pursues more suspects , although experts and historians dispute that .
&quot; cambodia must dig a hole and bury the past , &quot; he has said .
but confronting the past is just what cambodia must do to move forward , said chhang youk , of the documentation center .
&quot; reconciliation in khmer terms is reconnecting the broken pieces , &quot; he said .
&quot; it &apos;s our obligation to put these broken pieces together so that we can understand . &quot;
the center produced the first government-approved textbook about the khmer rouge , the 75-page &quot; a history of democratic kampuchea . &quot;
it distributed it in anlong veng in june as a supplement to the education ministry &apos;s high school history textbook , which contains fewer than four pages about the khmer rouge .
as in much of cambodia , anlong veng &apos;s young people know few details about the khmer rouge , despite the town &apos;s connection to the regime .
touch valeak , 19 , a student at anlong veng high school , said the new textbook was helping students understand an important part of their history .
but his parents reacted with skepticism when he took the book home to study .
&quot; my family rejects many parts of the textbook and the tribunal , &quot; he said .
&quot; they are suspicious because they are not sure how many people the court will prosecute . &quot;
such resistance has made the reconciliation process complex and difficult , sok leang said .
but the public forums , the textbook and the tribunal are beginning to have an impact , he said .
still , the khmer rouge retains a powerful allure here .
up in the dangrek mountains , a path overgrown with weeds and strewn with discarded plastic bags leads to a rectangle of black soot covered by a rusted tin roof .
pol pot &apos;s body was burned here on a pile of tires after his death in 1998 .
nuom sothea , 31 , a roadside cellphone vendor , said she didn &apos;t know much about the man who was cremated there .
&quot; but he has a strong spirit , and many local people go there to pray to him , &quot; she said .
it was nuom sothea &apos;s birthday , and later that day she planned to walk to pol pot &apos;s final resting place , where she would leave a bunch of ripe bananas in hopes of bringing good luck .
belarus agrees to give up its stock of weapons-grade uranium
in a surprise victory for president obama &apos;s campaign to secure nuclear material worldwide , the government of belarus announced wednesday that it will give up its stock of highly enriched uranium , a critical component of nuclear weapons .
the deal was disclosed in a joint statement issued after secretary of state hillary rodham clinton met with belarusan foreign minister sergei martynov on the sidelines of a security summit here .
the u.s. government had been trying for years to persuade belarus to give up its highly enriched uranium and seemed to have hit a roadblock last spring .
but u.s. officials told the washington post that a pair of classified operations were carried out with belarus in the past two months to remove 187 pounds of weapons-grade uranium from a belarusan research facility .
that set the stage for wednesday &apos;s agreement to remove the rest of the material - about 500 pounds &apos; worth , according to one official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter .
the agreement appeared to be one of the most important results of obama &apos;s 47-nation nuclear security summit in april , which excluded belarus .
and it was apparently good enough to secure the former soviet republic &apos;s invitation to the follow-up summit , in 2012 .
&quot; i was really fascinated by the fact they want a seat at the 2012 nuclear security summit . &quot;
&quot; that proves to me this process is working , &quot; said ken luongo , president of the partnership for global security , a group promoting nuclear security .
clinton called the agreement &quot; a very significant , important step &quot; by belarus .
obama pledged in prague in april 2009 to secure all vulnerable nuclear material around the world within four years .
since then , the u.s. government has helped six countries get rid of all their highly enriched uranium .
belarus would be the seventh .
a dozen countries did so under the george w. bush administration .
at the time of obama &apos;s nuclear security summit , belarusan president alexander lukashenko had declared that the nation would never give up its uranium .
&quot; we have kept highly enriched uranium - hundreds of kilograms of what is basically weapons-grade and lower-enriched uranium , &quot; lukashenko said then .
&quot; this is our commodity ... we are not going to make dirty bombs , and we are not going to sell it to anybody . &quot;
&quot; we &apos;re using it for research purposes , is all . &quot;
belarus approached the united states a few months ago , however , indicating interest in reaching an agreement .
the first undertaking to remove belarus &apos;s uranium , in october , was especially complicated because the material had been slightly irradiated , officials said .
it was loaded onto a special train that traveled more than 1,300 miles to a russian facility for storage and disposal , officials said .
the second operation concluded monday and was done by plane , according to the officials .
the u.s. government spent $ 13 million on the efforts , much of it to supply belarus &apos;s research facility with low-enriched uranium , which is not suitable for nuclear weapons .
&quot; this was very carefully coordinated and orchestrated to build up the trust &quot; that led to the agreement signed by clinton , said andrew bieniawski , an energy department official working on global threat reduction .
the james martin center for nonproliferation studies estimated this year that belarus had at least 88 pounds of weapons-grade uranium , as well as hundreds of pounds of highly enriched uranium .
belarus will aim to eliminate its stockpile by 2012 , according to the joint statement .
relations between belarus and the united states have been strained for years , primarily because of lukashenko &apos;s harsh repression of human rights .
but wednesday &apos;s statement suggested a potential thawing .
&quot; welcoming progress on these global security issues , the united states and belarus acknowledged that enhanced respect for democracy and human rights in belarus remains central to improving bilateral relations , and is essential to the progress of the country and its citizens , &quot; it said .
the spanish government did not raise objections regarding the flights of cia
the spanish government did not raise objections regarding the flights of cia with taliban prisoners and of al qaeda that were going to guantánamo via spanish territory , according to the the usa ambassador in madrid &apos;s telegram .
thus is reflected through the filtered documents ( cables ) by wikileaks to the newspaper el país , where it is added that the first vice-president of the government at that time , maria teresa fernandez of the vega , asked that the spanish executive was informed in order &quot; to be able to demonstrate that they had carried out appropriate monitoring procedures on the foreign aircraft that cross spain . &quot;
in june 2006 , after a report of the european council where there were accusations of complicity in practices against human rights in a dozen countries , among which is spain , a meeting took place between the ex- north american ambassador eduardo aguirre and fernandez de la vega .
the vice-president recognized that the council &apos;s report &quot; had taken the government of zapatero outside the game &quot; and insisted that spain did not have anything to hide regarding this matter .
&quot; de la vega emphasized that spain does not raise objection for the intelligence flights over spanish territory . &quot;
&quot; they simply want to be informed &quot; in order to avoid being &quot; caught by surprise , &quot; aguirre relates in a telegram .
also the ex-minister of external affairs , miguel angel moratinos , indicated to the ambassador that the spanish executive &quot; wanted to give this issue as little attention as possible , although being in the hands of the judges , the government had a limited influence . &quot;
on the other hand , in january 2007 , the public prosecutor vicente gonzález transmitted to the embassy that he would not try to block the initiative of the judge of requesting the declassification of documents of the national center of intelligence ( cni ) and of the ministry of defense regarding the flights of the company &quot;
this information does not contain any incriminatory element nor any sensitive information , &quot; explained the embassy after speaking with the public prosecutor .
nevertheless , the usa reflected on its preoccupation for &quot; the apparent coordination between the spanish judge and german public prosecutors , &quot; more than the declassified information of the cni or the ministry of defense .
&quot; this coordination between independent investigators will complicate our efforts to handle discreetly the case between governments &quot; ; says aguirre .
in march 2007 during a lunch between the ambassador of the usa and minister of the internal affairs , alfredo perez rubalcaba , this one commented to him that &quot; although the spanish judges are rabidly jealous of their independence and will do what they consider to be right , &quot; he had given instructions to his collaborators &quot; to avoid commentaries of inflamed rhetoric , in an attempt to reduce the temperature . &quot;
the ambassador also expresses his preoccupation for the action of the pp in this matter .
&quot; in spite of his pro american general orientation , our experience suggests that the pp won &apos;t doubt in capitalizing any indication that the government of zapatero tolerated or deliberately ignored actions of the usa that could be interpreted as possible violations of the human rights , even if these revelations have negative consequences for the government of the usa , &quot; indicates .
the parricide complained of the the &quot; burden &quot; of being a mother
the young lady spoke of the baby when he was already dead and she kept a blog : &quot; terror of the galician &quot;
mónica juanatey fernandez is &quot; muki &quot; in the network .
with this nickname , that she has used since since she was young , she communicated with a cousin , and at least one friend , both of them from noia , the town of corua where she was born .
the messages are from 2008 .
in order to understand them , it is necessary to know the personal life that abc reconstructs through her relatives &apos; testimonials .
the young lady from galicia , 30 years , initiated a relation in 1998 with iván túñez , an industrialist .
this affair lasted one year .
they decided to split , soon after they found out that she was pregnant .
he wanted to know if the baby was his , but his ex never allowed him to take the dna test .
soon after that she found someone else .
the man she chose was was alberto , a man from lousame , a neighboring municipality .
she remained with him for a long period of time .
caesar lived with them .
when the girl went to the balearic islands to test the labour market , the child remained with her au pair that accompanied her for one week in palma .
but in the content of her messages , one can see that their romance had ended , it was broken up .
in march 2008 in menorca , single , she writes : &quot; alberto is very weird and upset , because i have come here to work . &quot;
&quot; when i told him this he seemed to be happy , sure , but now he realizes how hard it is to stay with the child all day long and not to have the freedom of doing what he wants &quot; ;
then , she speaks of a message received on her mobile phone that reads : &quot; i want you to come this month or give me an address to which i can send you the child . &quot;
she adds : &quot; if he doesn &apos;t like leaving the child with my mother , i will take him when i get back . &quot;
in may , she speaks about her return to town : &quot; i will go there this week , but i will only stay until the 19th , because on the 20th i must present myself at work . &quot;
she clarifies that if everything goes well , she will keep her first-born child .
&quot; from now on he will stay with whom he must stay , meaning with me and i will never in my life leave him again with somebody else except for my mother &quot; doubtful intention given her bad relationships .
in july , there is another post .
when she writes it , it is assumed that the boy , who arrived at the island on the 1st of that month , and supposedly was assassinated on 10th , is already dead .
&quot; caesar is in contented on the one hand , but not on the other hand . &quot;
on the one hand he is with me and he likes the location , but on the other hand he is going to classes almost every day . &quot;
she speaks of a transfer to mallorca .
&quot; he will go to summer classes there , and thus i can save some money . &quot;
on the 17th , there are memories and complaints .
&quot; hugs from caesar , who asked me when you &apos;l come back . &quot;
&quot; alberto says that he sent i do not know what videos to the email and as you can see when he wants he can find me . &quot;
on the 30th , another one : &quot; the boy is well ; he goes to summer classes to learn catalan . &quot;
about victor , there is one : &quot; he gives me money . &quot;
on the internet there are messages of her in blogs dedicated to animation .
she even had one of her own in myspace universe , where she called herself &quot; muki the ex prisoner . &quot;
&quot; terror of the galician woman ( inscription ) . &quot;
the last man , who lived with her , declares his grief for feeling guilty .
he does not want to think that everything has happened for not having told him that she was a single mother .
mónica entered yesterday in the provincial prison of palm , coming from the center of judicial prisoners of menorca .
carlos maceda , the appointed lawyer , explained that he does not remember how the facts occurred , &quot; nor that he had the intention to cause any minor pain . &quot;
before , yes she confessed that she had drowned caesar in the bathtub and deposited his corpse in a suitcase .
the defence and the public prosecutor asked for a psychiatric test .
the popular would gain 4 seats in the congress and the psc would lose 9
with the results of the 28-n , the pp could be decisive in the municipalities of lérida , tarragona and barcelona
after the important increase in the votes and experienced deputies in the recent autonomic elections , the catalan pp is already thinking to the general elections , is there and advance or not ? , the outlook is more than positive , since the number of votes that this formation obtains in those elections usually doubles the ones received during the catalan elections .
thus , the popular catalans obtained 610.473 votes in the general elections of 2008 , whereas in the autonomic ones of 2006 , the number dropped to to 316.222 .
last sunday , the ppc obtained 384.091 votes .
if this upwards tendency ensures a transfer of votes psc votes and the loyalty of the electorate of the pp . analysts of this formation have calculated that , if general elections took place , the ppc could get from 8 to 12 deputies in the congress , whereas ciu would also gain four ( now it has 10 ) and the psc would lose nothing less than 9 deputies ( it has 25 ) .
these calculations would observe that the catalan area is fundamental for pp and psoe .
according to the opinion polls , erc would lose a deputy - it currently has three- whereas icv would remain with a deputy or would gain one .
but , if the electoral calendar remains established , the immediate appointment will take place in may of 2011 with the municipal elections , where the popular seats can also be decisive in the aim of the socialist hegemony in the four capitals of the province and their change to the front of the delegation of barcelona , one of the administrations that handles the biggest budget - 661 million euros for 2011- .
nationalists &apos; as much as popular ones coincide in the possibility that the psc loses the city councils of barcelona , tarragona , lérida and gerona , where the socialists would not obtain the majority nor the possibility of appealing to their traditional partners , erc and icv .
given the republican fiasco , it would not be a surprise for this formation to lose its representation in the town hall of barcelona - it is needed to obtain 5 % of the votes .
the pp has increased its number of votes in the four capitals and could be a decisive force in barcelona , lérida and tarragona .
the nationalists are convinced of being able to carry out the upset in the capital of tarragona , where they governed with the pp before the present socialist mayor , josep felix ballesteros .
in lérida , the pp has been placed only to 500 votes of the psc , whose mayor , ángel ros , maintains very good relations with mariano rajoy - during this last campaign , they met in several occasions .
the popular ones have also grown in other important municipalities like badalona , castelldefels or reus .
at the moment , the pp is present in 34 municipal governments in catalonia and aspires to form lists in the maximum number of populations .
the catalan group facilitated thousands of passports to al qaida
besides the seven prisoners in barcelona , in thailand there were three
the seven pakistanis and the nigerian one stopped by agents of the general barcelona police intelligence formed a jihadist group that , directed from thailand , facilitated passports to different groups of al qaida , among them &quot; the tigers for the liberation of tamilm territory &quot; ( ltte ) and &quot; laskar and taiba &quot; ( let ) , author this last one of the attacks of bombay that caused the death of 106 people in 2008 .
the ministry of internal affairs has paid attention to these investigations , until the point of assuring that with &quot; kampai &quot; operation ; it has been &quot; weaken &quot; the apparatus of falsification of al qaida at an international level and , &quot; therefore , its operative capacity . &quot;
the investigators calculate that the cell , during the two years that has been active in catalonia , has been able to send thousands of passports to thailand , where they were falsified and soon distributed to the groups that integrate the criminal galaxy al qaida so that its &quot; combatants &quot; can cross the european borders and the ones of other western countries with total impunity .
the dismantled cell is not the only one that the jihadist network had in europe , for this reason in the investigations there have participated , besides the thailand services , other european police units , reason why it does not discard that in territory of the eu occur similar events to the one developed the night of tuesday in barcelona .
in coordination with this operation ( the pakistani junaid humayun , atiqur rehman , jabran asghar , malik iftikhar ahmad , mohammad saddique khan begum , tanveer arshad and the nigerian babatunde agunbiade were all stopped ) , in thailand another one had developed with the capture of the pakistanis muhammad athar butt and zeeshan ehsan butt and the thai sirikanlaya kijbumrung .
the group seated in spain and other european countries was directed from bangcock
the catalan network - part of it was struck in 2009 - mainly robbed passports to tourists who fulfilled the requirements marked by the call &quot; worldwide islamic front . &quot;
that is to say , the documents had to be in the name of men among 25 and 45 years , with validity of several years and without printed visas .
in the means of investigation it is emphasized that , for the moment , no data has been found related to the persons arrested in catalonia regarding the attack of bombay , although the author of this attack , &quot; laskar e taiba &quot; , has been one of the receiving groups of the passports robbed in spain and soon falsified in thailand .
however , it should be mentioned that days before this committed attack , from catalonia there were sent through an agency of transferences about some thousands of dollars that were &quot; invested &quot; in the purchase of mobile phone cards that soon were used by the members of the &quot; commando &quot; that ended the life of 106 people .
the policemen have captured a lot of documentation .
the pp asks mas to postpone the fiscal concert
the leader of the ppc , alicia sanchez-camacho , had yesterday was able to personally present her conditions for supporting his investiture as president of the catalan autonomous government to artur mas , identical to ones already raised during the campaign and that resume themselves in giving priority to the recovery of the economy and giving up phylo-sovereignty , as it is the economic concert that the nationalist leader wants to raise in the line of his mandate .
the president of the popular catalans went to the artur mas meeting with the security of having obtained 18 deputies in last sunday &apos;s elections , a number more than sufficient to be assumed popular , since the candidate of ciu needs that at least one of the formations that will force the opposition to abstain in the investiture voting .
on the possible agreement with the pp depend the future alliances that the nationalists want to remain in the congress when general elections are held , but , at the moment , the conversations that mas maintains with the rest of the political leaders in catalan is key .
as regards the president of the pp , for supporting an investiture &quot; she will have to make all the sovereign and independent speeches , &quot; as well as the economic concert - similar to the one of the basque country - that the convergent leader tries to put under referendum .
both leaders have their gamble of using a very inflated autonomic administration and eliminating the successions and donations tax .
of the details of the negotiation on the investiture of which mas will take care , on behalf of the ppc , jordi cornet and dolors montserrat .
mas has already met joaquim nadal ( psc ) - who promised a hard opposition , joan herrera ( icv ) and today he will do the same with joan puigcercós ( erc ) , albert rivera ( ciutadans ) and joan laporta ( catalan solidaritat ) .
the geriatrician affirms that the deaths were caused by &quot; lack of means &quot;
the owners of the center of olot do not discard that their attendant killed more than 11 elderly people
the people in charge with the geriatric hospital la caritat de olot ( gerona ) offered a press conference yesterday in order to underline the damage that has caused to the institution the criminal conduct of joan vila dilmé , the nurse who while there killed at least eleven elderly people that he had under surveillance .
the director of the residence , joan sala , appeared accompanied by the centre &apos;s lawyer , lawyer joan canada , and announced that &quot; the intention of la caritat would to pin the blame on the individual responsible for of the deaths but &quot; legality and responsibility forces us to assume the procedural situation of civil responsible people . &quot;
and that besides the social loss of prestige that the organization can encounter for not having detected in time the criminal activities of the watchman , the great threat for the caritat has now takes the shape of of a substantial indemnification that is already calculated by the legal representatives of the relatives of the victims .
joan vila dilmé has confessed that the first crime goes back to august 2009 and that since then he didn &apos;t stop killing .
the judge already mentioned in the document that ordered the exhumation of eight bodies - old patients of the geriatric hospital- whom she suspected that in many cases no doctor personally explored the dead bodies but , taking into account the age and the pathologies of the patients , the procedure was made by phone .
la caritat , through its director , fully denied this end yesterday and mentioned that &quot; the lack of measures couldn &apos;t have been at any moment the cause of what had happened . &quot;
the lawyer of la caritat added that &quot; in the cause there is no indication that there has been an imprudent action on the part of any other person who is not the guilty one . &quot;
the one baptized as &quot; angel of death &quot; confessed 11 murders the day before yesterday and detailed that he committed the first crime on the 29th of august of 2009 and a month and a half later , killed another grandmother .
in this case an overdose of insulin brought her the death ; unlike the first crime he committed with a mixture of sedative tablets .
the director of the caritat says that it is complicated to control that the personnel of the center have access to medicines .
the overdose of insulin and the sedative cocktail would have been the mechanism used in six of the nine crimes that the nurse , in his eagerness to alleviate the suffering of the patients , used or killing them .
but the tests that are being carried out in the laboratory will have to clarify if vila is not lying and tried to assure for his first victims a less cruel death or if , on the contrary , burned them internally by giving them lye as he already confessed that had done with the three women that he killed between the 12th and the 17th of october .
in la caritat they do not give credibility to the appearance of the watchman , nor to the number of confessed murders , that they do not refute being superior , and justifies his attitude in the different versions that vila has given in his visits to the court and the nonsense of changing his method of killing after having successfully committed , eight murders .
this is why they say they put themselves at the disposal of justice to clarify the reach of this event .
the bce threatens
the investors suddenly reacted yesterday to the threat of trichet that noticed that &quot; the markets do not have to underestimate our ability to react . &quot;
the differentials of peripherals have closed by force and the rates of the european banks have raised more than 5 % .
however , we do not have to underestimate the capacity of the bce in being mistaken and the euro has just dipped again which is a worrisome signal .
what happened yesterday is characteristic of a non liquid market that collapses and recovers but motivated by the closing of short and very speculative positions .
the institutional investors will take time in regaining confidence .
a month ago the bce called us today to retire liquidity measures and will spend time tomorrow to retire by fourth time in two years and those that are left .
the bundesbank demanded to finalize the plan of purchase of ineffective national debt and to eliminate all the extraordinary measures of liquidity on credit , leaving only limitless access by week .
after the irish crisis we hoped that they prolong the present measures of liquidity &quot; at least until march &quot; and maintain the quarterly auction with limitless access by the end of the trimester in order to guarantee the liquidity at least until june .
we also hope that they continue with their program of vouchers purchase and give signs of intensifying it .
if they do not fulfil the generated expectations they will transform the excellent reaction of the markets yesterday and if they continue being blinded by retiring liquidity measures , good lord !
as happened during the meeting of may when they affirmed that they had not contemplated the vouchers purchase and collapsed the markets , tomorrow history could repeat itself .
the bce must be credible and persistent .
in may announced the bazooka on monday and on wednesday said that it had already bought too much , bringing about a new collapse of the market .
the auction of bills organized once a year in portugal were very poor yesterday .
the treasury only distributed 500 million to 5,28 % , versus 750 million to 4.81 % of the previous auction .
even so the types in portugal fell 30 basic points in the entire curve , reflecting clearly a change in the market feeling after the words of trichet .
in ireland , the allied and bank of ireland deficit figured had been made public .
the considered numbers are about 10.000 million in the short term and another 15.000 are potentials . until february they have to obtain private capital or will be nationalized .
although ireland does not have any credibility for not having detected the problem in july with the economic stress test , the numbers are acceptable within the plan of aid and help in reducing the level of uncertainty .
however , the next tuesday , the government will have to secure the parliamentary approval of its new budget and still doesn &apos;t have sufficient support , reason why ireland continues being an uncertainty center .
angela merkel has moderated the tone of her speech in order to relax the tension facing the next summit of presidents and government on the 14th of december where it is necessary a political commitment that could demonstrate that we are a union and that goes in the same direction .
the problem is that germany wants to play wagner and the rest the hymn of joy of beethoven .
in spain , the president had the opportunity to present yesterday the set of measures that will be approved on friday by the cabinet .
the reformation of pensions , transparency in independent communities and financial organizations , reduction of the deficit , liberalization , privatization , measures for reactivating jobs sound in the ears of the investors as the four seasons of vivaldi .
the double effect of trichet and zp explain that the spanish stock-market has raised 4,5 % , double compared to the rest of european stock-markets .
unlike february , the reaction of the government and the bank of spain has been fast and forceful and we are benefiting from the surprise effect .
today there is a key auction of a voucher to three years that will be having the trichet effect , reason why we hope that it will be solved with increased demand and will help dissipating the doubts on our capacity of refinancing .
for spain asking for a plan of aid would be a self sacrifice .
they would give us a line of liquidity that we did not need , the treasure has more than 40.000 million available in liquidity the triple compared to march , to the most expensive types and closes the access to the markets indefinitely .
however , the strategy must continue being the one of the woman of caesar , &quot; besides being , looking like . &quot;
come on , we can do it .
the president of eulen will contest the meeting of vega sicilia requested by his children
the storm does not moderate the alvarez family conflict , proprietors of eulen and el enebro .
david alvarez , founder of the group , will oppose , by considering &quot; null and void , &quot; the judicial meeting of en enebro of the 16th , required by five of his seven children and when they try to impose their majority and take control of the management organs of the company that owns the vaga sicilia warehouses .
david alvarez and his children jesus david and maria jose are taking into consideration the legal battery for the new judicial chapter in their litigation for the control of part of the group .
the founder of the greatest holding company of enterprise services does not seem willing to give up in his litigation in order to be present in the control systems of el enebro .
from his council of administration he was taken off by five of his seven children who appointed themselves administrators in the council of shareholders on 18th of january of this year and whose opposition is written down in the mercantile registry .
the judicial meeting of el enebro arranged for the 16th , summoned by the magistrate of mercantile affairs number 2 of madrid , has caused havoc yet again in the alvarez family .
the appeal to the judge for determining the assembly is , until the conflict is solved , the single legal mechanism that guarantees the meeting &apos;s convention .
the last actions of juan carlos , pablo , emilio , marta and elvira alvarez mezquiriz , is described by david alvarez as a &quot; desperate appeal by the representatives of his five children who , by means of procedural subtlety , clearly infringing the law and abusing the right , try to confirm and change the meeting of the 18th of january as null , &quot; according to his official spokesmen .
this argumentation will be the basis on which to establish that : once the meeting has been held , he will reject considering it &quot; null and void . &quot;
the same protagonists , who maintain a discreet silence , have already tried without success to have the magistrate summon a meeting in june .
in el enebro , patrimonial society holder of the warehouses vega sicilia , among others assets , the seven children of david alvarez control the 100 % of the capital .
the founder of the service group claims , nevertheless , the usufruct on 51 % of the capital , according to the familiar protocols .
this subject is the basic aspect that has to be decided by the judge once celebrated the meeting on the demand of opposition , for which the date is no indicated yet .
red bull triumphs in f1 with its secret weapon : siemens .
there is software that can design improvements to the cars in real time .
since red bull entered the world of formula 1 in 2004 , its history in this select universe of speed has been marked by surprise and success .
initially nobody considered the options of a team that just arrived , in spite of the ascending trajectory of the last seasons , last november , in the final race of the championship all bet on the triumph of fernando alonso &apos;s ferrari .
without losing part of his reputation as champion driver , the german sebastian vettel , nor the power of the renault motor that drives his car , in the world of formula 1 &quot; the secret weapon that the multinational siemens has put into the hands of red bull in order to turn it into a winning team has become a legend .
in fact it is powerful simulation software that the german company marketed in 2007 with aims very far away from the high automobile competition .
denominated plm , this powerful computer science instrument has been used to design assembly chains for manufacturing factories , energy plants , instruments of high precision .
the objective is to reproduce , to faithfully simulate the product or the process before constructing it in a real mode , avoiding this way failures and avoidable expenses .
plm has facilitated the development of the cameras of canon , the airplanes of sukhoi or the most famous utilitarian cars of nissan .
siegfried russwurm , person in charge of the siemens industrial division , explains that the use of this computer science instrument in his f1 factory has allowed red bull to design and make &quot; in a few hours , almost in time real , &quot; the modifications , changes and improvements that are needed during the races and tests .
russwurm explains that the team in 1992 had an average of 10 technicians who were able to introduce a maximum of three or four improvements to the vehicles during every season .
red bull has 180 professional young people with high qualifications working today who , equipped with powerful computer science equipment , analyse and project all kind of modifications to the cars .
the siemens manager explained that the software plm is able to analyse and improve all elements of red bull cars except for the engine , which is the entirely the responsibility of renault .
the materials , fuel , aerodynamics and elements of security are being modified .
the changes can be taken from the virtual reality of the simulator to the reality in 24 hours , thanks to advanced production systems by means of laser and autoclaves of high tech .
the only limitation of this spark of technological improvement is the figure of 40 million dollars that each team of formula 1 can spend at the most every season in order to facilitate the competition .
red bull has build a high-tech factory for designing and producing its cars in a locality about 50 km from london .
there are two buildings in which visits are restricted , especially for journalists .
everything that occurs there is considered &quot; top secret . &quot;
the factory has 580 employees , including its two drivers , the champion vettel and mark webber .
the red bull hero , without any doubt , is the recent champion sebastian vetell .
among the immense technological resources that the energetic drink brand has put to the service of its participation in the circuits , other protagonists hide whose contribution is inestimable and their notoriety unrecognised .
the head of technology at the factory , steve nevey , affirms that five years ago it was possible to affirm that the advances of i + d in the cars contributed to 50 % to the victories and the drivers were responsible for the rest .
today these percentages have varied and the technology adds 85 % of the success , while the drivers contribute with 15 % to the added value .
nevey recognizes that neither vettel or webber will never be replaced by computer science since &quot; they are indispensable gladiators . &quot;
hp will open in two years 20 own stores with local distributors
hewlett-packard ( hp ) inaugurated yesterday in barcelona its first exclusive store in collaboration with its partner pont reyes .
this it will be first of the network of 20 stores having among 80 and 100 square meters that the multinational anticipates to open in spain during the next two years .
the company will make compatible this initiative with the 16 areas already present in big centers as pc city , carrefour , saturn and el corte ingles .
the vice-president of hp spain , helena herrero , gave as example the remodelled store located in the barcelonan gran via , property of pont reyes , with whom she collaborated for 30 years .
the north american group has prepared a plan to open 200 points of sale in europe in 2013 , strategy which includes the 20 spanish establishments .
the first ones to open were in bucharest ( rumania ) and belgrade ( serbia ) the last week , being barcelona .
herrero did not want to reveal the following possible openings , although she recognized that madrid could be the following destiny .
also the director of hp on personal systems assured that the philosophy to open the stores will be always the same , based on a local distributor with experience and knowledge of the sector .
the north american group provides consultancy services and is in charge with the exclusive furniture design of the stores ( with products that can be touched of interactive form ) , that in europe will have an identical image .
in addition , hp covers the formation of the personnel of the establishments .
helena herrero denied that it was a system of franchise and emphasized that the exclusive network of commerce tries &quot; to improve the service towards the client and the smes in the purchase , the attention , post-selling and even packing . &quot;
the barcelona store includes a space with a pioneering pilot program at a world-wide level that is in charge with solving the possible problems of a computer science equipment of hp still with guarantee .
an online service connects a technical center located in the maastricht ( holland ) .
&quot; thus , in 10 minutes we can resolve problems that sometimes can last up to two days . &quot;
&quot; this system is especially designed for smes and users , since the great companies already have contracted services of technical attendance , &quot; mentioned helena herrero yesterday .
sabadell bets on &quot; stealing &quot; one million clients from its rivals in three years
more optimistic than other managers , the delegated advisor of sabadell bank , jaime guardiola , thinks that 2011 will be a hard year for the bank , but discards initially a new crisis of liquidity and predicts the end of the war of liabilities .
in spite of it , he anticipates a collapse of the margins of interests that will try to partly compensate with raised commissions and the price of the credit .
sabadell hopes to catch in three years a million particular clients .
sabadell has found a way of exploiting the next three years and being able to survive in very complicated economic surroundings .
the bank will start up in 2011 a new director plan that will have a validity of three years .
the objective , besides surviving without needing to appeal to the public aid of frob , is to gain market quota by getting a million of new particular clients -700.000 if are discounted those that might leave the bank , pending on assignment , since until now they spoiled more the smes and companies than the retail client .
this year has caught 250.000 particular clients and 50.000 companies .
its market quota of individuals is of 3,5 % , whereas in companies surpasses 10 % .
another base of the plan 2011-2013 is the bet on productivity , meaning , of austerity , with reduction of costs as objective , and whose challenges will be exhibited by the bank when presenting the results of the exercise .
few banks dare during these times to set objectives and make them public since the financial crisis has changed all of the plans for the global bank .
sabadell , in fact , will close this year its director plan optima , hired four years ago , although initially it was for three , but the market conditions forced him to extend it into one more year .
the clients who give up savings will be his main objective .
during a breakfast organized by the apie , guardiola insisted that 2011 &quot; is going to be a difficult and transcendental year . &quot;
the executive , in fact , thinks that the exit of the crisis in spain &quot; will be slow . &quot;
in addition , in two or three years there will be &quot; very difficult to create jobs , &quot; something fundamental for the survival of the banking business .
and , although he thinks that the war of the liabilities - that penalizes the margins- is being reduced , the price of the risk subsidies that banks are paying for their emissions in order to obtain liquidity are already moving to the cost of the credit to compensate the fall of the margins .
the subject of liquidity and financing is fundamental , and is going to be a pressure factor on credit .
&quot; we haven &apos;t closed the faucet , but the differentials are more important , &quot; recognized guardiola .
banesto already issued orders on thursday to his network to limit the long term credit and to raise the price of the differentials - see cincodías from 22nd and 27th of november .
also he recognized that the tendency of the bank now &quot; it is to raise the commissions , &quot; but &quot; within a competitive frame . &quot;
the director plan of sabadell is based on the organic growth , although , as always , the group does not discard corporative operations .
not in vain , assures that in spain &quot; major sizes are going to be required . &quot;
&quot; next year everything will move , &quot; he assured .
he affirms that capital needs have &quot; risen too much &quot; and it does not discard that some spanish financial organization enters within red numbers .
and he mentions that the frob can replace the market in fundraising before new recapitalizations .
after assuring that sabadell can survive the temporary closing of the markets , he pays attention to which some bankers already predicted as a new crisis of liquidity .
he says that there cannot be emitted , but unlike to what had happened in june , is possible to obtain short term financing through agreements , which softens the crisis .
the ceca discards a second big wave of fusions in the saving banks
the chief of a main directorate of the ceca , jose antonio olavarrieta , discarded yesterday that a big wave of fusions of savings banks is going to take place and insisted once again on the speed with which the reconstruction of the sector is being made .
when the process of concentration of the spanish savings banks started , the there were several organizations that assured that they would not participate in this first stage and that they would be expect the second round .
nevertheless , the chief of a main directorate of the spanish confederation of savings banks ( ceca ) , jose antonio olavarrieta , discarded yesterday that this new big wave of operations is going to take place .
i believe that the greatest part of the fusions has occurred , the incorporation of cajasol to the group of banca civica cannot be called a second round , there are only adjustments .
&quot; the biggest part is completely done ; perhaps instead of 17 we could have 13 or 14 but all the great processes have been done under the surveillance of bank of spain , that has collaborated very many to this matter , &quot; pointed the manager .
in declarations during a breakfast of the manager association and executives of aragón ( adea ) , olavarrieta has exposed that the concentration process is being undertaken &quot; with the greatest possible speed , and we must be very satisfied of how this happens in the terms that at the time , not now , were marked in the plans of business with the bank of spain , &quot; he emphasized .
to go from 45 saving banks with an average of 28.500 million volume of assets to 17 with 75.500 million is a process that does not have comparison in history , reducing the number of organizations to a 62 % so that they are much bigger to fulfil basilea , he underlined .
olavarrieta recognized that there is &quot; a series of opinions rather pessimistic on the slowness of the process &quot; that demonstrates &quot; a lack of seriousness and reason , &quot; because &quot; what the bank of spain does is to remember that we must fulfil the term before the end of year . &quot;
the chief of a main directorate of ceca , jose antonio olavarrieta , assured yesterday that spain has the more rigorous financial system of all europe and &quot; probably &quot; of the whole world , and he attributed to those who call into question the &quot; lack of knowledge . &quot;
the manager showed that , within the present economic conjuncture , &quot; we can be very relaxed &quot; with the situation of the financial organizations and the savings banks , a system that has undertaken a &quot; very important &quot; concentration process and that &quot; goes with the greatest possible speed . &quot;
also he remembered that the spanish bank came out very well with the stress tests that the bce made in july .
zapatero and the german red line
berlin has chosen to maintain the euro , but has established the conditions for all the union .
the market tensions have brought about a double governmental response .
on the one hand , jose luis rodriguez zapatero has suggested new measures of adjustment , from fiscal reductions to the smes , regulation of private agencies of positioning or suppression of the 426 euros of aid to unemployed without contributions , to the privatization of 49 % of aena , the management of the airports of barajas and el prat and of 30 % of lotteries of the state .
on the other hand , vice-president elena salgado , with the support of the ex-president felipe gonzález , has added to the critics to the councillor angela merkel her responsibility in untying the present crisis .
how can those movements be interpreted ?
she continues that the position of merkel is not an error in her communicative policy .
on the contrary , it is another bolt tightening in the difficult process of redefinition of the euro .
and there germany has a radically new vision on how its future must be like , that contradicts the one of maintaining the old traditions of its main partners .
against the european resistance , in germany there are speculations on three possible exits from the crisis .
first , a strong euro , integrated by itself , austria and holland , among others countries , while the south would leave the monetary zone .
second , the recovery of the german mark , although now seems to be science fiction , with a very favourable current of opinion , near 50 % of the population .
third , a redesign of the euro , according to the german proposals of greater macroeconomic control , budgetary rigor , fines to the transgressor countries , possible suspensions of payments to some of them and extension of the private sector of the costs of the potential adjustments .
the german position is clear and comes defining itself over a long time , so there are no excuses .
firstly , in 2009 , when as much the imf as the european commission stimulated the deficits , the german government presented a constitutional reform in order to prevent them from 2016 .
this was the first signal of divergence between what germany thought it had to do ( plans of fiscal strictness and stability in the public finances ) , and what its european partners were doing , including france .
the second headache for the central european country was when merkel laboriously extended the decision of rescuing greece .
then it was the object of ferocious critic , but the truth is that the political consensus in germany and the public opinion and the published one were against the rescue of greece .
finally , during the last days of october , merkel emerges again with a clear position , demanding the reform of treaties of the union , in order to make possible the rescue of a country and , at the same time forcing , the private moneylenders to run with part of the cost .
this position has been interpreted as anti-european , since it has precipitated the irish crisis and all the rest .
but her proposal , although somewhat sweetened , has been approved and , in the next months , we would have to attend the process of reform of the union that makes possible those measures starting with 2013 .
germany has drawn up a red line that does not warrant crossing .
and it is saying to us all that , although now it has to take measures with which perhaps it does not agree , starting with that date the old functioning of the euro , will have been finished .
the 2013 will mean the birth of a new monetary area , in which the violating countries will be severely sanctioned , can be forced to declare themselves in suspension of payments and , in that case , the private sector also will support part of the cost .
germany is telling us that we must follow a severe path of growth with high rates of saving and investment , moderation in consumption , improvements in productivity , competitiveness and positive balances .
another alternative based on the debt and the construction , with enormous deficits in the balance of payments , as the one faced by spanish growth during the years of the boom , will not be tolerated .
the offer is clear .
we should better understand it .
it is not about trying to lead back the public deficit to 3 % in 2013 .
what they ask us is much harder .
and the worst thing than we could do in these circumstances is to kid ourselves .
i hope that the present turbulences would open the path to a greater tranquillity
and that we take advantage of the time that they have given us , until the spring of 2013 .
it seems that president zapatero has understood it the same way and its double manifest ( the reforms promised after the meeting of the last saturday with the great companies and the announcement of yesterday of new measures ) suggests that , in spite of the critics to merkel , has laid way to the thesis according to which one should put order in the house .
but the red line that germany has drawn up there it is , and it does seem that is going be moved .
and , among the possibilities that are contemplated , the one of leaving a monetary zone of little serious countries cannot be excluded .
then , germany will always tell us that it had warned us .
sport and fraud law
tricks such as those of alonso and ramos before the ajax demonstrate wittiness but not the will to get remove of a sanction .
the expulsion presumably forged by two players of real madrid ( xabi alonso and sergio ramos ) in the game played on the 23rd of november against ajax in champions league has caused rivers of ink to be written about if such behaviour is or is not unsportsmanlike and if , both players should be sanctioned by uefa .
as we all know , a few minutes before the end of the game ( that their team had already won ) , both players deliberately wasted time which made the referee show the second yellow card to both of them .
this way , and since real madrid will finish as leader of its group , both players will fulfil the prescribed sanction during the next game of league , against auxerre , and will be able to get rid of the cards the following phase .
finally , the committee of discipline of the uefa has sanctioned with two games the trainer of the team , jose mourinho , and with different economic amounts the implied players .
the provocation of a yellow card in similar circumstances as this one is not a new practice , but rather frequent in the world of football .
it is so extended that it part of the ethos , of the unwritten rules , but followed nonetheless by this sport .
part of the debate arisen in the related case is caused by the fact that has been carried out by team of the real madrid organization ( that in its hymn presumes of nobility and honour , and that has fined its players for analogous acts ) and by the dramatization orchestrated , apparently , by mourinho , who adds one more to his expanded history of histrionic and provoking technician .
anyway , the debate deals with if that type of behaviour not prohibited specifically by the regulation contradicts the principles of the sport , that is to say , if with these actions fraud is committed ; then , indeed , they are respectful actions with the sport regulation , but they seem to elude its sense .
the matter examines the type of damage that is brought to the sporting spirit .
one of the advantages that include the sport spirit is the physical integrity of the opposite players , aspect that with these actions wasn &apos;t put into danger , that is to say , there was no violent game .
another of these advantages to which it is alluded to with the fare-play is to avoid that the team of the law breaker players takes advantage unjustly of the opposite team , which did not happen either .
however , the paradoxical thing about the action of the players of real madrid is that it did not comply to what we normally characterize as legal fraud , because the violation of the rules was not made secretly as to try to avoid the sanction , but their action was most evident and thus they received punishment from the referee .
they waited for and accepted the sanction with no complaints .
another question is what type of advantage the violators obtained in the actions deliberately carried out .
here it seems necessary to state that it isn &apos;t a disadvantageous situation for rival nor is an obtained benefit in the same game , because evidently the result of the action supposes leaving their own team with less players .
and neither is it a useful strategy for the next game , because the club will not be able to count on those players .
the advantage , obviously , consists in the fact that the players will begin the following phase of the championship without cards that could threaten their participation in a future game .
but it is about a long term advantage , with a certain degree of indetermination , because the team can be eliminated first of change , and in addition with this action the players fulfil a sanction game and go to the second cycle of cards , in which the suspension by card accumulation takes place with one less than in the first cycle .
so that , by passing rounds , it is not so clear that it is an advantage .
those actions are really against the sporting spirit , which is part of the strategic decisions that favour taking advantages allowed by the rules .
regarding this assumption , the players did not act in order to avoid the application of the sanction ( this would have been a clear case of legal fraud ) , but rather chosen when to obey it .
they made a strategic decision without avoiding the punishment .
although the border between the wittiness and the law fraud is diffuse , in this occasion i believe it was a clear case of wittiness .
the controversy seems to arise from two factors : because it was about two auto expulsions and the way the transmission of the directive was carried out to cause them .
the damage brought about to the principles of the sport by these actions is not as much ethical as aesthetic .
offensive of supplies to catch christmas dinners of groups in bcn
the way the days fall this year , there is a concentration of reservations on the 16th and 17th .
the celebrations of the employees , who want to spend between 20 and 30 euros .
as nougat and lottery , once with december the group dinners before christmas return , that continue being an gasp of fresh air for the restoration and leisure of barcelona , that because of the crisis has ended with an offensive of price fixing in order to be able to catch the majority share of customers : almost all want to spend between 20 and 30 euros on dinners or meals , agree the managers and associations in the interviewed sector .
in order to finish complicating the accounting , the calendar of this year ( for falling the new year &apos;s eve on friday ) concentrated the requests in the week of the 13th of december , with the result until that date of an avalanche of reserves of dinners for weekend ( 16 and 17 ) and hardly movement for the previous week .
as was happening from 2008 , when the stage of cost-cutting began , there were many companies that have eliminated collective dinners for budgetary reason .
for not ruining the tradition , many workers maintain it by paying it out of their own pocket .
whatever conjuncture , everyone demanded a price war , confirms the president of the gremi restoration of barcelona , gaiet farrs .
the representative of the employer &apos;s association , today , does not dare to predict whether thee will be celebrations this month . &quot;
&quot; people consider it long before making the reservation . &quot;
&quot; they want to go out but they have in mind the price situation , &quot; he mentions .
the business will go &quot; well for those who give quality for good price and with good attendance , &quot; he adds , and reminds that the clients tend to come down one step once with the crisis , so that the strip around the 25 euros has become a demand for the majority .
in a poll made in diverse centric establishments one can see the collapse of reservations for the night of the 17th .
soteras group indicate that there is an authentic boom of requests for that friday , with the pretension of spending no more than 30 euros , to which they have responded by adapting its menus with formulas of 25 and 35 euros .
in another of the most powerful groups , andilana , with 16 establishments in the city ( hostal de la rita , market , la fonda and others ) , the peculiarity of the calendar has involved more anticipated reserves , even since the beginning of november .
&quot; we have done the impossible to maintain the same prices of the year last , with menus for all the tastes from 19.95 to 30 euros , &quot; they detail .
in an grup , which involves el mussol , attic , ququ , and up to a total of 23 bars , they remain optimistic after detecting an increase of the invoicing from the second semester and some good , although concentrated , perspective of business for christmas .
sources of the group emphasize that the 18th will also be a hyperactive day concerning friend groups that celebrate the holidays .
to their six menus of the group they have added a christmas one , with 30 euros or more as star budget and the perception that there is a predisposition to spend 10 % more than last year in exchange for demanding more details , if necessary .
they also see green buds in some companies that invite their employees and the grater the volume the better .
on behalf of the fecasarm employer &apos;s association ( that includes organizations like the association of bars , restaurants and leisure of barcelona ) , its vice-president , enric gomà , believes he is beginning to see the light at the end of the tunnel and considers that altogether the reserves are &quot; cheerful , &quot; although the clients &quot; negotiate &quot; as much as possible .
indeed , the illusion of celebrating has not decreased for whoever pays , indicates this one .
the pakistani nuclear program generates great restlessness in the usa
islamabad produces atomic weapons at &quot; a rate faster than any other country . &quot;
the filtrations of wikileaks confirm the bonds between the taliban people and pakistan .
the content of the correspondence between the american embassy in pakistan and the department of state of the usa filtered by the wikileaks portal confirms the enormous restlessness which the pakistani nuclear program brings about in washington .
besides the enlightening and substantial details that are offered on the content of the conversations and the thoughts of the credited north american diplomatic representatives in islamabad , the documents reveal that the cooperation between both countries in the matter of atomic security , instead of increasing , &quot; decreases , &quot; and that the unstable asian country produces nuclear weapons with &quot; a rhythm faster than any other country . &quot;
the peculiarity of the pakistani nuclear program - that the arms are not assembled but they remain stored by components to make difficult their destruction in case of attack-- it constitutes one of the main causes for concern in washington .
thus is enumerated by the ambassador in pakistan , anne w. patterson , in a report previous to the visit of the ex- advisor of national security , james jones : &quot; the proximity of some nuclear power plants on the territory under taliban attack , the rumoured dispersion of the nuclear materials and the vulnerability of atomic materials transportation . &quot;
the high number of people implied in the nuclear arsenals and the missiles programs is being taken into consideration , not only by the usa , but also by russia , such as the reason for maintaining its guard .
&quot; pakistan has had to hire personnel with strict religious beliefs in order to protect the nuclear power plants ; given the poor educative and cultural levels , the extremist organizations have more opportunities to recruit people to work in the nuclear programs or of missiles , &quot; said the expert yuri carole , from the russian ministry of external affairs , in a meeting with his americans homologous .
the newest information on the documentation filtered by the portal of julian assange is the decreasing cooperation between the usa and pakistan in subjects of nuclear proliferation and the high pakistani rate of nuclear weapon production .
an office of the embassy in may , that describes as &quot; frustrating &quot; the communication with pakistan , says that : &quot; the transparency is frequently nonexistent ; the offers of aid remain without an answer or are refused . &quot;
in another message , peter lavoy , civil servant of the national intelligence for the south of asia , states that &quot; in spite of the economic catastrophe , pakistan produces nuclear weapons in a rhythm faster than any other country of the world . &quot;
the ambassador patterson also asks washington , during a visit of the head of the army , general ashfaq kayani , to give clear orders to the person in charge that &quot; the army of pakistan must end the tacit support to the terrorist groups . &quot;
hunting of the head of wikileaks
obama appoints a person in charge of the antiterrorism fight in order to avoid new filtrations .
interpol emits a red alert with the purpose of following the movements and locating assange where he might is .
all that is related to wikileaks and its founder , julian assange , forms a complicated labyrinth in which it is difficult to have certainty on any of the facts .
yesterday interpol emitted one &quot; red alert &quot; in order &quot; to locate and follow the movements &quot; of assange .
nevertheless , this isn &apos;t a traditional order of arrest .
in addition , it isn &apos;t new , because it dates from the 20th of november .
and has nothing to do with the last filtration of more than a quarter of a million diplomatic documents pertaining to the usa but with the accusations of sexual abuse that the australian faces in sweden .
in addition , the lawyer of the creator of wikileaks , mark stephens , assures that &quot; the police knows where and how to get into contact with mr. assange . &quot;
it was day 20 when the international police body with headquarters in lyons ( france ) issued the order at the request of sweden , but did not reveal it until yesterday , after receiving authorization from the authorities of that country .
given the facts , the 188 countries of interpol have indications for identifying or locating to assange &quot; with respect to his provisional arrest and extradition . &quot;
although the interpol cannot order the arrest of an individual affected by a red alert , many of the member states , as the organization explained , consider the call network notice free way for making an arrest --that has to undertake the national body of police , - especially if they have a bilateral agreement of extradition , as it is the case of sweden and england , where assange might be .
the movement irritated the lawyers of assange , who published yesterday a letter denouncing that the founder of wikileaks , 39 years old , declared being willing to take part in a video conference in order to answer any questions from the swedish authorities .
they also recall that assange asked and obtained permission to leave sweden from the public prosecutor in his case , whom they compare with the mythical lavrentiy pavlovich beria , head of security of stalin .
&quot; this seems to be hunting , not a legal persecution , &quot; denounces the letter .
while the world was searching for him - and from australia his mother defends the innocence of her son-- assange follows in unknown whereabouts , but not in silence .
on monday gave from an unknown place an interview to the director of the magazine time through skype , a conversation in which he requested the resignation of the secretary of state of the usa , hillary clinton .
&quot; if it is possible to show that she was responsible for ordering american diplomats to spy in the onu violating international treaties that the usa has signed , she should resign , &quot; he said .
his opinion was insulted yesterday by the press secretary of the white house , robert gibbs , who described as &quot; ridiculous and absurd &quot; the resignation request .
&quot; i don &apos;t know why we should pay any attention to the opinion of a man with a web page &quot; declared the cnn .
obama himself has ordered to a high person in charge with the antiterrorism fight , rusell travers , to prevent new document leaks .
the attempt by the spokesman of president barack obama to reduce the attention paid to assange contrasts with opinions that politicians and commentators now proclaim .
peter king , the congressman who from january will preside over the committee of national security in the house of representatives , has asked the department of state to study the possibility of including wikileaks in the list of terrorist organizations &quot; in order to take part and his funds and to persecute anyone who give them any contribution or help . &quot;
furthermore went tom flanagan , an adviser of the canadian president stephen harper , who had to withdraw his opinion after saying that assange would have to be murdered . &quot;
&quot; obama should turn him into an objective and use a non manned aircraft or something . &quot;
who did not apologize was mike huckabee , baptist minister , ex-governor of arkansas and possible candidate to the presidency .
&quot; whoever he is in the government the one who leaked the information is guilty of treason and anything that is not the execution would be a too much gentle punishment , &quot; declared for fox .
puigcercós looks for peace in erc with winks to those who have the same opinion as carod
the republican leader will allow the party a secret voting regarding his continuity .
huguet proposes a more plural executive and the end of the full meeting system .
joan puigcercós seems to have found the prescription for negotiating for the umpteenth time the internal revolt in the erc , without a sight for the loss of 11 deputies and half of the votes .
the president of the party is conscious that his threat of resignation is insufficient for the supporters of the ex- leader josep lluís carod-rovira , but he also knows that the influence of that sector today is so diluted as his own mentor and can cause the him worries that he had with other extinct currents .
for this reason , the leader of esquerra will try to gain the new critics with winks that allow him to be protected until the municipal elections .
in order to begin , puigcercós announced yesterday that more than 200 national advisors of erc could pronounce privately on his continuity .
by means of tickets , and not by raised hand .
if the supporters of carod want to carry certain vote of punishment to the president , they can do it without fear to retaliation .
in fact , the head of the ranks wants to avoid the division image as much as the one of submission to him .
in several interviews , he affirmed that he would not consider himself ratified with half plus one of the votes , but added , without mentioning the percentage , that wouldn &apos;t be good either a result &quot; a la bulgarian . &quot;
the close supporters of carod demand the president something more than putting his position at the disposal of the militancy , a gesture that is not worth when puigcercós controls the most important organ between congresses .
but for not having the majority sufficient to force resignations , they are going to try to decide with the executive a direction from now until may .
for this , they hope to participate in the elaboration of the document of strategic reorientation that the direction will put under voting of the national advice on day 18 .
its intention is to speak for puigcercós in exchange for promising to advance the congress to the autumn of 2011 , something that the cupola considers already done .
the erc leader recognized that &quot; polyphony &quot; harms stability and that its objective is to make , once and for all , the organization able to wash the dirty rags inside .
in this line , is symptomatic the article that counsellor in functions josep huguet posted on his blog .
considering the ideologist puigcercós , the holder of innovació considers a fulfilled act that the leader will be authenticated &quot; in exchange of diverse objectives . &quot;
and he enumerated five , of which two are emphasized .
first , &quot; recompose &quot; the executive so that it represents at least 90 % of the militancy , that is to say , to include new faces that come from the sector compatible with carod .
the second can be the great newness .
huguet proposes that erc eliminates the assembly as an operation mechanism .
thus , proposes a reform of the statutes that allows celebrating the congresses through delegates chosen by suffrage .
ending with the assembly model , an exception in the spanish system of parties has been an obsession of the team of puigcercós that already battled in this sense in both last congresses .
in fact , the convulse conclave of the 2008 let the mission of direction review of the assembly in a specific congress of reform of statutes .
this meeting wasn &apos;t held yet , because the internal flood of the last years advised against confronting the subject .
now , without critical sectors on the matter , could be a good moment to retake it and try to close it for always .
23 executed in november ; 290 during 2010
according to the numbers of millenium state of mexico a diminution of four cases was registered in comparison with 2010 .
during november 23 people were killed in the state of mexico , four less than in the previous month according to the registration of millenium state of mexico .
among the murders stands out one of three women and the discovery of a pair of bodies in the valley of mexico .
in the penultimate month of the year there were 390 deaths related to the organized crime .
among the cases stands out the one of a corpse found in san diego de los padres cuexcontitlán , municipality of toluca .
the subject had at least three gunshots and one shot in the head besides having their feet and hands tied with cable .
on the following day , the corpse of a subject was found in a suitcase inside the trunk of a vehicle left on the mixtecas street , in the colony santa cruz acatlán , of the municipality of naucalpan .
thursday morning four men found a body with signs of torture and at least three lethal shots in the thorax , on the free-way of tenango-ixtapan de la sal , in the section crossing the municipality of villa guerrero .
next to the body there was a message signed by the criminal organization the michoacana family .
a day later in nezahualcóyotl , a gentleman of 50 years , was assassinated with eight shots after leaving his house to collect garbage .
on the seven of november , two subjects of 30 years were murdered by a bullet in the head each of them in the colony san pedro xaloxtoc , municipality of ecatepec .
in chalco , with a shot in the forehead the corpse of a man was found in a solitary street of the colony the naranjo and underneath the body they found a case perforated by a firearm of calibre 25 .
in ecatepec , parts of a human body were found in the black water channel of the colony playa golondrina .
emergency authorities undertook an exhaustive search of the other members of the body , were those weren &apos;t located .
neighbours of tepotzotlán reported finding a corpse in pe a colorada , with hands tied and with head bandaged .
the man had a wound caused by a firearm which shot him in the nape of the neck .
during the middle part of the month the execution of two men was reported , who were covered in blankets and left in the trunk of a vehicle in the street of villas de la hacienda in the municipality of atizapán de zaragoza , next to the victims there were also two death threats .
a day later , a cardboard box that contained a human head was found in the colony valle de los reyes , in the municipality of los reyes la paz .
in a nearby colony it was found put in a black plastic bag and the rest of the body with a message signed by the &quot; incorrigible one . &quot;
the 17th , covered in blankets , two women were found dead in zoquiapan in the municipality of ixtapaluca and the following morning the corpse of a man in huixquilucan was found covered in a yellow and blue blanket , presumably identified as being mario rios according to a message that his executioners left next to him .
in ixtapaluca , with gunshots in the nape of the neck , the dead body of a woman in the town of san francisco acuautla was found .
on the skin of the woman there were tattoos of the santa muerte , as well as necklaces with her image .
during the last part of the month , the corpse of a man in the municipality of zinacantepec with at least three bullet shots was found on the board of an automobile and there was also a message signed by the criminal group .
two days later , the corpses of some men with the curb head and a message were found in the community of puente de piedra , in santiago tepatlaxco .
in front of the bodies there was a message signed by the criminal organization which stated : &quot; this happens to those who do not align . &quot;
in ecatepec , with signs of torture and tied of feet and hands two bodies were found inside a taxi left behind the center of justice of the colony san agustín .
the last day of the month the bodies of two men were found in the municipalities of los reyes de la paz , and nezahualcóyotl .
the first of them was beheaded in the colony cuchilla ancon and was put in black plastic bags , tied with cinnamon band and next there was a message ; whereas , the second was tortured and found in a plastic market in the streets of the juárez colony .
next to him the agents found a piece of cardboard with a message .
china maintains the objectives of reducing gases of greenhouse effect
the representative of that country at the cop16 assured that his country has made enormous efforts for reducing the carbon track and detailed that he maintains his offer of reducing its greenhouse gas emissions by 40 to 45 % by 2020 .
china maintains its offer of reducing its greenhouse gas emissions by between 40 and 45 percent by the year 2020 , assured su wei , china &apos;s representative to the cop16 .
in his first public appearance in the 16th uj conference on climatic changes ( cop16 ) , su wei assured that his country has made enormous efforts for reducing the carbon track and reconverting its industry .
in fact , during the last four years his country has invested 245 million dollars in diminishing its greenhouse gas emissions .
nevertheless , he made it clear that china will not modify its objectives , but will continue working jointly with the international community in that matter .
he added that the chinese strategy regarding the matter of climatic change is divided into four parts : dialogue ; construction of capacities ; construction of institutions and endorsement to pilot programs .
in all those parts , advances have been made , including the approval , last year , of a new energy law , with objectives regarding the reduction of gas emissions , he explained .
on the other hand , he emphasized that in china , the federal authorities have been working of a coordinated way with and the state and local ones , in order to achieve the objectives of energy saving , use of efficient energy and reduction of emissions .
in addition , there are in being developed or are already concluded diverse multiannual plans , as much financed by the chinese government , such as by the governments of other countries .
for example , he referred to the program of efficient use of energy , that was implemented during the last the five years and that received investments from the organization of the united nations ( onu ) , the government and the private initiative .
there is also being developed a provincial project of climatic change , another one for the change of incandescent centres by economizers and another of mitigation and adaptation , he detailed .
at the same table , martin krol , scientific adviser of the government of that country in the matter of climatic change , assured that the china &apos;s efforts have been greater than generally perceived .
for example , he states , the greenhouse gas emission per capita in china is six tons by person , whereas in the united states is of 100 tons ; china is responsible for the 9 percent of the historical contribution to greenhouse gas emissions .
also , it efforts without precedent in the use of the energy , in increasing by 20 percent its energy efficiency over the last five years and anticipates to do the same towards year 2020 , he added .
bounded to the legality expulsion of espino : caesar nava
the national leader of the pan detailed that the ex-baker leader is within his right to go to the commission of national order to protest according to his rights .
the national leader of the pan , caesar nava vázquez , assured that the expulsion of manuel espino barrientos was become attached to the legality and that the ex- leader is in his right to go to the commission of national order to protest according to his rights .
in a previous interview to the protest of gabino cué monteagudo as governor of the state , he said that anyway the expulsion of espino is a decision made in the local area .
&quot; it is about an independent decision by the commission of the order of sonora . &quot;
&quot; mr. espino has the right to go , where appropriate , via a claim made to the commission of order of the national council , being a decision taken in the scope of an authorized organ , &quot; he wrote .
on the other hand , he clarified that it is not time to think about 2012 and that never was there in the negotiation table an alliance for the presidential candidacy .
nava vázquez was convinced that the national action will get fortified in the internal election of 4th and 5th of december , where will be chosen his successor . &quot;
this ( an alliance in the 2012 ) is a subject that was never discussed at the negotiation table , or at least not thus far , it was an exposition for the local election that was successful and fulfilled the objective , &quot; he referred to .
the leader underlined that pan is supported by 71 years of dialogue , the reason why &quot; we are not afraid of the internal competition ; on the contrary &quot; we enjoy it and makes us stronger . &quot;
he said that without any doubt that the council will know how to choose the best leader than the national action would require for the next three years , for that reason he will give the office &quot; to whom the council chooses . &quot;
&quot; i have that absolute tranquillity and openness ; to anyone of the five i would be proud to give the office of the president of party . &quot;
he foretold that the rise the party registered during the past elections on the 4th july will be reflected in the next fights , although &quot; it is not the time yet for thinking about 2012 . &quot;
&quot; so far it is about accompanying governor gabino cué in this duty . &quot;
in this framework , it stood out that the three governments of alliances in oaxaca , puebla and sinaloa will be the reason for observation in the entire country , for that reason &quot; many hopes , yearnings are put in them , and i am sure that gabino will be equal to the challenges . &quot;
while being interrogated on the critics of the pri to president felipe calderón for his speech within the framework of the four years of his government , cesar nava asked the pri members to reflect on the 6 years terms of the former presidents ernesto zedillo and carlos salinas de gortari .
if the pri thinks that the governments of zedillo and salinas were better than those of fox and calderón ; they should begin defending them ; and leave the closet , he affirmed .
he considered that the holder of the federal executive can say expressions as the ones he said during his speech in the national audience , because in the country there is no gag or censure .
promote obama in twitter law in favour of undocumented students
if you agree to the approval of the law dream act , calls your senators and make them approve this legislation , twittered the american president on the popular social network .
president barack obama has joined today the national mobilization supporting the law dream act , for legalizing undocumented students , with a message in his personal account of the social network twitter .
if you agree to the approval of the law dream act , calls your senators and make them approve this legislation , tweeted obama .
his brief message maintains open a cybernetic link with an ampler document that asks the public to immediately communicate with the senators , since the vote of the legislation is imminent .
if a expected vote is made soon , now is the moment for your voice to be heard , he indicates .
the message was disclosed after the 42 republican senators threatened to block the vote of any legislation , unless it is approved the extension of cuts of taxes of the bush era and the financing of the government .
such blockade , announced in a letter signed by the 42 republican senators , could affect the vote on the law dream act and other projects as the ratification of the new treaty start with russia against the nuclear weapon proliferation .
asked about the republican blockade of the law dream act and other projects , the presidential spokesman robert gibbs trusted that once the fiscal matter has been solved , a schedule for the rest of the projects could be established .
&quot; i think there is plenty of time ... &quot;
&quot; we all agree that the fiscal issue should be resolved before the end of the year ... &quot;
&quot; i believe that we can obtain an agreement in this matter and later we can plan the sequence of the rest , &quot; he said .
the leader of the democratic senate majority , harry reid , announced on tuesday that they would request a &quot; vote of closing of debate &quot; for the law dream act , the reason why the initiative of legalizing undocumented students could be voted next thursday in the senate , although next week is more probable .
the senatorial version of the dream act or law of the american dream would legalize about 800 thousand young people who entered the united states before the age of 16 ; they have remained in the country the last five years and entered either higher education institution or the army .
but those in favour require 60 votes for approving the initiative , thus requiring the participation of republicans , when the supporting organizations of the project carry out intense lobbying to guarantee its approval .
the democrats , most of which support the dream act , count on 58 seats .
nevertheless at least one of them , the senator ben nelson from nebraska , has said that he will vote against , and only a republican has expressed his support to the law , richard lugar from indiana .
for this reason , those in favour of the dream act require gathering several republicans in case other democrats decide to turn the back to the initiative .
among the most assisted republicans are the senators of maine , olympia snowe and susan collins , as well as the senator george lemieux , of florida , who completed the mandate of the senator mel martinez .
other republicans who supported the dream act in the past are orrin hatch , from utah , and kay bailey hutchinson , from texas , but they have declared that they will not turn their back again .
another republican who was in favour , john mccain , has not defined his position at this moment .
although the house of representatives has a different version , analysts agree that the dream act faces the major obstacles in the senate .
with literature they can put their finger on it
the second round of the pleasures of language was a walk over which the participants enacted the narration
that of sex in language i understand that but ... the finger on it ? what am i expected to do ? , inquired the writer luisa invited valenzuela invited to open the second round of the pleasures of the language , event that celebrates literature in spanish and which this time used the subtitle of her question ( in another way the round table was dedicated to sex in the language , she explained ) .
the finger on it ... &quot; it puts us in a difficult position , &quot; told sweetly straight out the argentine writer to the public , mainly of young people , who met in the international fair of the book of guadalajara ( fil ) to listen to this round table moderated by marisol shultz and participated valenzuela , sergio ramirez , mayra montero and luis garcia montero all participated .
luisa valenzuela read a text that she dedicated to gonzalo celorio and that shultz would define later as a great story , with luisa in first person as the protagonist who in search of knowledge known as &quot; it , &quot; goes from doctor to doctor , from whom she does not obtain answers although gets stuck in the same narrative thread .
she leaves the doctor convinced : &quot; perhaps patience is not my forte , maybe it is my sore . &quot;
in the end , after a frustrating approach with the trauma doctor who who clarifies that sore isn &apos;t a scientific term ; it is the psychoanalyst who unravels the mystery : &quot; the sore is the real open thing ; the symbolic thing is the scar . &quot;
the protagonist sighed alleviated and concluded &quot; on the sore i only managed to know that the real thing is open and that it does not exist , &quot; but convinced that the pleasures and the tricks of the language have to be mixed .
valenzuela , the writer , played with both .
the nicaraguan sergio ramirez also exhibited a delightful narration that titled praise of the invention , where the finger on the sore isn &apos;t named but is discovered .
in broad terms of magical realism , he tells the story of a famous witch , who by touching clouds , brought back men who had gone far away or repaired the virtues lost by a maid , narration that turned into speaking about america , a great novel which didn &apos;t lack from the very beginning its own chroniclers who told it and mentioned bernal diaz del castillo who criticizes the excesses of the things told by the conquering captains .
cervantes who invented us all ( the writers ) laughed of the false witnesses who appeared in histories presented as real , but otherwise he would have never told the history of america with imagination which lack shyness .
nevertheless , he emphasized &quot; crazy people and liars are those who best imagine things &quot; and it is where reality and falsehood are mixed , where one knows if the narrated thing belongs to one side or another , where the fictional literature reaches its apogee .
in fact it is named &quot; cervantes tradition .
&quot; for its philosophy of : we are what &apos;s told of us . &quot;
as for her , the writer mayra montero saw and applauded the variety of interpretations that the invitation of fil causes with her round table the finger on the sore .
the cuban-puerto rican pointed her own towards the great sore of the social violence that crosses her country - and divides latin america -product of the disputes on traffic and drug sale .
i believe that good literature , good poetry , good songs lock up a tacit commitment that of course is not premeditated , indicated , after mentioning that the reality of literature is the communication and the dimension of the commitment that settles down between author and readers , and that is one &quot; chemical reaction &quot; of this last one .
the night was closed by the spanish poet luis garcia montero whose intervention also put emphasis &quot; that the finger on the sore of the writer committed to writing . &quot;
he considered that in a world that lives in a hurry , also in the intellectual customs and control of the consciousness that it has effects in dogmatisms , forgetting &quot; that behind each affirmation there is a small no and behind each negation there is small yes . &quot;
&quot; in order to be owners of our thought and reality we must clarify : and clarify often means to put the finger on the sore and to bother those people who are much more comfortable thinking about the cartoon , in black and white , in ideas established without a shade and also bothering to the powers that prefer a black and white world , &quot; he said , inviting to recover the sense of writing .
romano goes towards his first title
rubén roman omar counts with three defeats in the finals , having during his career ups and downs , but he knew how to reach in three occasions the decisive series .
with the duel of santos laguna and monterrey in the final , in addition two different styles marked by their technicians &apos; face , who find each other with a contrast marked by results .
rubén roman omar counts with three defeats in the finals , having during his career ups and downs , but he knew how to reach on three occasions the decisive series , although until now he hadn &apos;t reached the target and this is why this opportunity is very special for him .
the argentinean has ended up being consoled with the medal of runner-up , and remained one step behind the winners and peculiarly with similar equipment he has played consecutive finals .
santos arrived to his first final as trainer in the opening match of 2002 , when he took the reins of morelia with which he fell to 4-2 before toluca ; later , in the closing event of 2003 he also arrived at the decisive duel and he lost also it at 3-1 and indeed before rayados .
already with santos laguna , in the bicentennial match of 2010 , again before los diablos , rubén suffers again a reverse , since his team finished equally places 2-2 before the sausage makers after 210 minutes of game , but in the turn of penalties put himself in advantage by 3-1 with two opportunities to seal the title but finally three players failed from the 11 steps and suffered the change 4-3 .
rubén already lost two finals with diablos rojos and one with monterrey , its rival in turn , therefore he doesn &apos;t want to endure the same fate , he wants to celebrate a title for the first time , and he affirms that the most important thing for him is the institution .
i want be a champion , i do not want break any statistic , this is for a club , for a passion and consequently the title will come to me , but the previous thing is more important , commented the helmsman when being questioned about the numbers he has against by playing finals .
very effective he has the previous final , from which , he assures , has learned much , &quot; the only lesson we can learn is that until the referee signals the end we cannot celebrate , we prepare ourselves as well as the players because the previous time , with two penalties we were about to leave and i believe that is an lesson to be learned , we cannot celebrate until the game ends . &quot;
knowing that this series could be defined in penalty kicks , something that doesn &apos;t trouble him , because he trusts his players : &quot; one should never looks for going to penalties , but rather to finish in regular time ; sometimes you don &apos;t have any alternative and it is necessary to be ready ; in the previous match we were prepared , unfortunately destiny played into our hands ; sometimes by nerves or anxiety for having the title in out hands , but we didn &apos;t reach this goal , and this left us something for this final that we hope to win . &quot;
roman should stop being a technical runner-up and tasting for the first time the glory that the titles give .
eu changes the rules for obtaining the visa
applicants will have to go to the centres of attendance for visa applicants before their interview in the consular section ; the cost will be smaller and so will waiting times .
from the 10th of january of 2011 the procedure of issuing a visa in the embassy of the united states and consulates will be altered .
with the new procedure , the majority of applicants will have to go to the attendance centres for visa applicants ( asc , by its english abbreviations ) prior to their interview in the consular section .
the asc staff will take the biometric information of the applicant , which will be reviewed by the consular section before the interview .
the new procedure will have certain advantages for the applicants , among which :
the total cost of issuing the visa will be smaller ; it will no longer be necessary to make a payment in order to get the appointment , another payment to process the visa request and another one so that the service of correspondence gives the document .
the applicant will make only one payment which will cover the three services .
the present tariff will remain unchanged : the equivalent of 140 dollars for a tourist visa , 150 dollars for cases of visas with request ( including visas for temporary workers ) and 390 dollars for visas of retailers and investors .
people who wish to renew their visa won &apos;t have to go to an interview with the consular official , but they will only have to go to the nearest asc where they will present their documents and will have fingerprints taken .
because the biometric information will be taken in the asc , the applicants who require a second date for being interviewed in the consular section will attend one less time than previously .
also , those requesting a visa in the consulates of ciudad juárez , monterrey and nuevo laredo will no longer pay the extra tariff on service of 26 dollars .
for additional information on the new procedure for asking the visa , visit the following page http : / / mexico.usembassy.gov / boletines / sp101201 _ visas-faqs.htm
nasa will announce the discovery extraterrestrial life
the american space agency called the press tomorrow to present a discovery that will cause impact in the search of living beings in the space .
the national administration for space and aeronautics ( nasa ) of the united states will present tomorrow , thursday , an astrobiological discovery , that could prove the theory that there is extraterrestrial life .
the discovery will be presented in a press conference tomorrow thursday at 13 : 00 pm at nasa headquarters in washington by experts in astrobiology ; a science described as the one that studies the origin , evolution , distribution and future of the life in the universe .
when calling the press , nasa assured that it will present &quot; a discovery that will cause impact in the search of extraterrestrial life , &quot; which provoked speculation by experts in other countries .
the discovery could prove the theory that there are creatures that look like us living in hostile spaces that are thought of as uninhabitable , and would put on the table the possibility that they become intelligent beings like humans if they improve their living conditions .
apparently it is centred around a microbe that was found at the bottom of the monkey lake in the national park yosemite , california , where it lives in an environment that was considered too poisonous for any form of life , since the lake is rich in arsenic .
somehow , the creature uses arsenic as a means of survival and out of this capacity increases the possibility that similar life could exist in other planets that do not have our benevolent environment .
according to astrobiologists , if these organisms use arsenic in their metabolism , it will be demonstrated that &quot; indeed there is another form of life , a second form of life , different from the one we know . &quot;
the space agency will present the full extent of the discoveries in the press conference of tomorrow thursday .
pamela conrad , who studies the possibility of life in mars ; and the biologist steven benner , one of the scientists who study titan ( the greater saturn moon ) , under the perspective that its chemistry is similar to the one of the earth will both attend the conference .
gesta prd , pt , convergencia and patron opponent &quot; block &quot;
with reforms to the organic law of congress , a &quot; two-party system &quot; emerges , they say .
the 60 legislature wasn &apos;t settled when a competing block arose in congress , headed by the deputies of the prd , pt , convergencia and jesus manuel patron montalvo , who declared himself as independent , and the four questioned one thing : the arrival of the &quot; two-party system &quot; to the camera .
before beginning the session establishing the 60 legislature , felipe manzanarez rodriguez , from convergencia ; ezequiel reynoso esparza , from the pt ; javier corvera quevedo , from the prd ; and patron montalvo , were against the reform of the statutory law , given that it excluded them .
with this reform , they reiterated , will begin &apos; the two-party system , &quot; because now there will be two representatives and an equal number of parties , that will control the congress .
these four deputies , along with gloria margarita santos aguilar , coordinator of the prd , were the only ones to vote against the directive table , headed by the pan supporter salvador lopez brito and luis antonio cardenas fonseca , in his character of vice-president .
corvera quevedo , detailed that these reforms institutionally constitute the political marginality from the pri and pan .
he detailed that in the near future they will speak with the representatives of pan and pri to modify the scheme , starting from a political will , and if they do not have it , then they will be dominated once again by both parties and in this way the competing coalition was brought to a close .
how far they have got ( the competing coalition ) , is what i see , because we are excluded , from any decision , they don &apos;t even have the political deference of considering the opinion of the rest .
felipe manzanarez rodriguez , from convergencia , mentioned that with the prd , pt and patron , there are coincidences and for that reason they are forming a plural group .
it is not possible to allow , he continued , that the congress after having been monopolistic , now is a &quot; two-party system . &quot;
&quot; it is not the spirit of the reform the law that has an eternal two-party system in the congress . &quot;
in order to begin , this group is initiating with 5 legislators , and is talking with other companions so that they could be more , added the convergent .
ezequiel reynoso esparza , from the pt , explained that at the moment the congress became a &quot; plunder &quot; between two , with reference to pan and pri . &quot;
before it was only one party , now it is being divided between two . &quot;
patron montalvo , asked for the personality of the deputy to be respected and to give him his place at the negotiation tables . &quot;
not for leaders &apos; agreements , should be left outside 5 and probably we are going be 9 deputies , right now the five that we see , separated into different fractions , we have decided order to look for a slot in the negotiation table , that is the subject of the reforms reform that they have decided , we are outside and we do not agree to that reform . &quot;
200 $ thousand more for the provider
the city council of mazatlán pays another check to the questioned proprietor of the company of electrical equipment .
one more check of more than 200 thousand pesos in favour of lorena guadalupe camacho palazuelos was issued by the city council .
with this , the amount that has been paid in this second semester to the proprietor of the electrical equipment company , ascends to 1 million 200 thousand pesos .
in agreement with the municipality transparency document , this last check number 9258447 was issued on 16th of november , with the amount of 200 thousand 144,56 pesos , under the concept of &quot; liquidation of accounts to be paid . &quot;
the treasurer luis miguel lopez moreno had previously said that they were being paid more money by the municipality in favour of this supplier , that was observed by the superior audit of the state for selling to a higher price .
what wasn &apos;t reported is the total that still has to be paid and , therefore , how many checks have to be issued to camacho palazuelos .
nothing has been bought , they simply pay the supplier the owned amounts , as the rest of providers , said in an interview .
the last checks &quot; appeared once again &quot; in the last quarterly of the year : 24 of september , two issued on 15th of october , 19th of october , 29th of october and this last one , on 16th of november .
although the supplier hasn &apos;t been published yet in the official newspaper of the state , as the law asks when a company is questioned by ase , in order to avoid that other governments use its services , the treasurer assured that they didn &apos;t use its services anymore .
before , after the 25th of july , when the noroeste published a revision of the checks that the city council issues for its suppliers , in which it was revealed that , from march 2008 until 9th of july of 2010 , the triennium of the mayor jorge abel lopez sanchez , the municipality paid to camacho palazuelos more than 10 million pesos , through 42 checks .
it also concluded transactions with jumapam , where received checks for more than 3 million pesos .
it is urgent that the tourist sites are taken care of
the tourist industrialists feel sorry for the accident of the foreign tourist caused by bad conditions of the glorieta sanchez taboada in mazatlán .
after the fall of a foreign tourist in the down-fall of glorieta sanchez taboada , the tourist sector of mazatlán asked the authorities to pay attention to the zones and sites that are in a bad state and that offer a bad image of the port .
salvador barraza rubio , president of the association of retailers of the zone dorada , remembered that in different occasions they have denounced that the image of the destiny should be taken care of and to change the bad perceptions that the tourists might find with new activities or routes .
he said that the bad conditions of the streets and the side-walks have affected because the tourists come to take a walk and see the disorder and they avoid the complementary businesses .
the politicians do not know what it means to close for one day and do not have any idea about the amount of money that is lost , or otherwise they wouldn &apos;t do the jobs this way in such a long period of time and without previous planning .
the hotelkeeper jose ramon manguart sanchez said that the fall of the tourist exposed the lack of prevention and maintenance from the part of the city council .
&quot; the municipality will have to assume its responsibility and to avoid this happening again , by giving preventive maintenance and not doing only the correction , &quot; he said .
we look forward to enjoying a clean city , because not only must the area be given the maintenance , but as inhabitants who deserve a clean site to live on ; the city council must change its strategy in order to maintain good living and visiting conditions .
there are other sites that are also neglected and incomplete , he said , as for example el escudo and the venadito de mazatlán .
&quot; nowadays , for the tourist to come does depend only by the promotion , we must have a good product , a city that has clean beaches and avenues , permanent maintenance of the attraction areas , &quot; he said .
&quot; there wasn &apos;t enough attention paid and this underlines something that is well-known by all , that maintenance is a must . &quot;
raul llera martinez , secretary assistant of tourist promotion , expressed that the rescue of tourist sites of mazatlán is urgent , because they are not enjoyed of a correct manner and they project a bad image .
he spoke of a series of places that has to align altogether with the municipality and to be a priority having the city always , clean , ordinate and attractive because it is a touristic city .
luckily mazatlán offers many historical and cultural sites and places that will have to be put in order first of all , cleaned and made attractive in order to be able to add them in the inventory when promoting the city .
ip requests results from the congress
eduardo dávalos , president of the cec , proposed that the deputies assume the great responsibility of being an example for a better sinaloa by the diverse challenges that faces .
a legislature of decent works and free from agreements between parties and the executive state is being demanded by the enterprise sector of mazatlán , because there is a convulsed sinaloa that faces great problems .
yesterday the 60 legislature was voted in , integrated by seven political forces , 19 deputies of the pri , 13 of the pan , three of the party nueva alianza , two of the prd , one of the pt , one of the convergencia and one more of the pvem , meaning a total of 40 popular representatives .
among the list of expectations of the new members of the congress of the s-state it is mentioned that they come to fulfil a clean management of commitment to the society and the different sectors that require a responsible legislative work .
eduardo dávalos zamora , president of the enterprise coordinating council , proposed that the just released 40 deputies of the congress of the state assumed the great responsibility of being an example for a better sinaloa by the diverse challenges that faces .
we hope that the deputies will really exert their right , free from agreements between the parties because it is a custom to make agreements in order to guard by their own interests and they become a character in a carnival of the governors and leaders of the parliamentary fractions .
for that reason he spoke about certifying the commitment in order to establish the necessary bridges that could help the governor to go ahead .
we hope that they come to do a worthy work and mainly committed to the society and the sectors because the habitants of sinaloa were those who gave them the vote of confidence during the last elections .
jose ramon manguart sanchez , president of the association of hotels tres islas , considered that one of the greatest challenges for the 40 popular representatives is the one of pushing and adding forces in search of the economic growth of the state , because nowadays the economic situation is very complicated .
the most important thing is to push economic growth , that generates incentives for investment and infrastructure and that somehow will form a new generation of jobs .
as for the tourist activity , he demanded that the new legislators give the weight revised within the state budget in order to fortify the secretary of tourism .
as i have understood this is the second department of the state with fewer budgets and is incongruous an important and economic activity generating currencies and investment and that directly competes with the agro industry .
apart from requiring labelling resources the detonating tourist projects that help giving security to the state and update the alcohol law that has not been able to solve in the previous legislatures .
a magician is looked for
dolls , cars and bicycles , among others toys , are the yearning of the children of the family coronado from valenzuela .
for his parents , the next day of kings will be difficult to please his illusions , since their home is made out of no more than 12 people and a goat .
nevertheless , adelaida , isabel , jesus , jose alfredo , maria guadalupe , isaias , jose juan and miguel do not lose the hope that melcher , gaspar and balthazar will give them the toys and clothes they so much wish .
the family lives in a humble house of the colony salvador allende and lives in poor conditions because the father does not have a job .
sometimes it is very hard for us because my husband does not have a job , but we sell mandarin and daddy ... in the afternoon i leave with the kids to sell in the street , &quot; said cayetana valenzuela andrade , mother of the children .
adelaida , 4 years old , wants a doll or a bicycle , while her sister isabel , 3 years old , would like a barbie doll .
on the other hand , jose alfredo , 10 years old , has wished for a very long time to have a &quot; monster &quot; car and for his brother jesus , 8 months old , cayetana suggests clothes suitable for a one year baby .
he told me ( jose alfredo ) , i would like this monster , &quot; but i said &quot; we will see son &quot; because it was very expensive , &quot; remembered cayetana with sadness .
for the elder children that were at school clothes and shoes would be perfect .
maria guadalupe , 11 years old , is size 12 ; isaias , 10 years old , is size 10 , whereas miguel , 8 years old , uses size eight .
jose juan , 14 years old , needs tennis , reason why a pair of size five and a half or six would helpful to him .
if you want to make this dream come true for the children of the coronado family from valenzuela you can participate in the campaign as there is a need for a magician , by donating a toy or cash at the reception of the noroeste .
14 presumed drug traffickers arrested
ten searches were carried out in estrie on wednesday in the context of dismantling a network of cannabis production and sale .
fourteen persons were arrested and will face various charges
the searches took place at sherbrooke , oxford and stoke , mostly in the places which served for the production of drugs
&quot; approximately 750 cannabis plants , 4 kilogrammes of hashish , money and equipment which served for production were seized &quot; stated klouis-philippe ruel , spokesman of the quebec sûrété .
in all , eleven men and three women were arrested , including two presumed heads of this network , two sherbrooke men .
the arrested persons had to appear at sherbooke court during the hours following their arrest
they might face accusation of cannabis production , its possession with the object of trafficking plotting , and theft among other things
these searches took place following a lengthy inquiry lasting almost a year .
&quot; it was information received from the public which enabled us to make these arrests &quot; stated m. ruel .
some 70 police officers from the reginal enquiry unit of the estrie of the quebec sûreté , of the police department o sherbrooke and nephrémagog police headqurters took part in this police operation .
clandestine migration can be pursued without probems
according to the government , the conservatives &apos; draft law should solve the problem of boatloads of illegal migrants , but will in all probability be defeated , since the three opposition parties announced on wednesday that they could not support it .
&quot; i strongly rely on the charter . &quot;
&quot; i support ther party , which created the granite beneath your feet &quot; declared the liberal chief michael ignatieff , surrounded by deputies after the weekly caucus meeting .
the liberals claim that the draft law in its present form which would anable any person from a ship identified as carrying clandestine immigrants , would violate the canadian charter of rights and liberties .
the chief of the quebec block , gilles duceppe has also said that he could not support the draft law , because its aim is wrong .
&quot; we are opposed and it appears that all the opposition parties are opposed and we will now see what the government does &quot; declared m. ducepe
the critic of npd concerning immigration , olivia chow , has rejected the out of hand the criticisms statign that her party was not firm enough about illegal immigrants .
&quot; the neo-democrats approve the taking of steps against persons handling illegal immigrants and this is what we are doing by means of another draft law , the c-35 &quot; stated mme chow .
&quot; we do not support the conservatives &apos; draft law because it attacks refugees and imprisons their children for at least a year , &quot; explained mme chow .
the minister of immigration . jason kenney , accused the opposition parties of playing politics and of ignoring the will of canadians .
&quot; canadians are telling deputies loud and clear that they will not tolerate this kind of illegal immigration , these criminal operations which target canada and which treat the country like a doormat . &quot;
&quot; they expect canada to adopt firm measures &quot; was the reaction of minister kenney .
the government has not announced a vote of confidence on the draft law , which could bring about elections in the event of its rejection .
a conservative has however told the qmi agency that the government would ask for a vote so that every opposed deputy shall explain his reasons to his electors .
the new unity does not create unanimity
despite the announcement by jean charest of the possible creation of a permanent unit for combating corruption and collusion , numerous observers continue to demand the creation of a commission of public inquiry into the subject .
the minister of public security , robrt dutil , asserts that this idea is not new : quebec consulted the new york department of investigation on the subject last january .
the metropolis has had a permanent anti-corruption unit since 1870 .
nevertheless , the tuesday announcement surprised more than one person .
it must be said that at a mmeeting of the quebec permanent police council last 29 october this step was never discussed , notwithstanding the presence of robert dutil .
it did not need any more than that the public security critic stephane bergeron should call this announcement a &quot; rabbit produced out of the hat &quot; and as &quot; a solution thrown together on the corner of a table &quot;
minister dutil replied to those fearing that political power would have too much influence on the possible future unit .
&quot; you will see the result when it is announced , he contented himself with affirming . &quot;
&quot; one is aware of that problem . &quot;
as far as the president of the csq , réjean parent is concerned , nothing can replace the launch of a public inquiry .
&quot; the more obstinately m.charest refuses to create this commission of inquiry , the more people will think like you and i that there is something to be hidden , &quot; he explains .
&quot; the only way to get a commission of inquiry is for jean charest to resign &quot; explains yves boisvert , professor of ethics and government at the ecole nationale d &apos;administration publique
in order to get out of this impasse he therefore suggests that quebec should give a special mandate to the general verifier for the latter to inquire into collusion and corruption .
&quot; one must be able to broaden the mandate of the general verifier , &quot; he decides .
he also feels that quebec could confer on the verifier the same powers as those of a commissioner , allowing the former to compel people to testify .
the creation of a permanent group of people is not the only project on the charest government programme .
quebec would also ask ottawa to modify the criminal code , to make it more suitable for this type of crime .
this request would come from the prosecutor of the marteau operation , who informed the minister of justice jean-marc fournier that precedent is not explicit on this type of inquiry .
the federal minister of public security , vic toews confirmed that his colleague at justice , rob nicholson is currently inclined to introduce certain amendments .
at the time of the spring 2001 operation , which targeted groups of motor cyclists , even though the criminal code had not been adapted , 181 persons were arrested ..
ottawa subsequently ruled to adopt the law on gangsterism
rivers under close surveillance
several water courses continue to be under close surveillance due to the heavy rains falling in several regions of the province since tuesday
a land slide occurred on wednesday afternoon at shawinigan in mauritia .
two houses were evacuated as a precaution .
in the evening another land slide occurred at saint-lin-laurentides in lenaudière .
a road collapsed .
between tuesday and wednesday evening heavy rain ( from 40 to 70 millimetres ) fell in several regions .
between 20 and 40 millimetres of additional rain were expected between now and thursday evening depending on region .
sectors north of the river and in outaouais alley were worst affected .
they received a total of up to 100 millimetres of rain .
since these falls will be added to the thawing of snow already lying in certain sectors , the overflowing of several rivers is feared .
flood alerts were issued on wednesday evening by quebec civil security for the rivers ouareau and achigan in lenaudière .
the rivers nord in saint jerôme , in the laurentides and chène in lotbinière were the object of flood warnings and remained under surveillance .
in the lanaudière region , heavy rains caused the overflowing of certain lakes at sainte-julienne , sainte-marcelline-de-kildare , as well as at rawdon .
at sainte-calixte , a provisional bridge was swept away by heavy rains .
ten dwellings had to be evacuated as a precaution .
in the outaouais , the overflowing of certain lakes entailed the closure of several roads , in particular in the municipality of mansfield-et-pontefract .
annik bouchard , a security consultant , stated that civil security continued to be in a state of alert and was monitoring the situation closely .
on wednesday , quebec flood forecast centre issued flood warnings in respect of several rivers , in particular maskinongé , assomption , ouareau , l &apos;achigan , batiscan and loup .
dupont partly blamed
the quebec radio animator stéphane dupont suffered a partial reverse before the canadian radio and television standards council ( ccnr ) on the subject of social assistance and haitians , as well as on that of his coarse language whilst on air .
tne cnnr feels that m. dupont and his team of choi 98,1 fm had the right to express their views , but that certain topics contained &quot; inexact information on social assistance , unduly negative statements concerning haitians and coarse language not suitable for daytime broadcasts . &quot;
the council also concluded that a discussion about suicide including the broadcasting of the names of two persons who had committed suicide , did not infringe broadcasting codes .
the ccnr had received several complaints on the subject of comments made during bradcasts between 2008 and 2010 .
the first decision was given following a complaint by the quebec common front of persons receiving social assistance .
the group complained that the sums quoted in the broadcasts were not accurate .
the animators must present solid , not deceptive information .
concerning suicide , the animator stephane dupont felt that suicide was the action of a coward .
the majority of members of the committee concluded that the message conveyed was that suicide should not be seen as a solution of life &apos;s problems .
&quot; the majority of the committee feels that the episodes in question of &quot; dupont midday &quot; approached a delicate subject in a balanced and appropriate manner . &quot;
accordingly , no blame attached to him .
the last dispute concerned the declarations which followed the haiti earthquake .
stéphane dupont and jean-rené dufort then had a face-to-face media discussion , which gave rise to a lot of reactions .
the choi animator declared that he had not made any contribution to help the haitians , because one could not be certain that the people in need really would receive the money .
the committee believes that the comments were not improper , but that their cumulative effect concerning haitians was unduly negative .
&quot; i have already served my three-day suspension there . &quot;
&quot; my record has now been clean for eighteen months , &quot; declared the animator .
in all its decisions the committee condemns the broadcasting of coarse language .
the broadcaster choi-fn collaborated &quot; beyond the call of duty &quot; in all cases .
the consequences are minimal for the station which must , inter al , announce these decisions once during the hours of maximum audience within three days .
the king of kung-fu in montreal
the montreal resident of algerian origin , nacereddine zemmal , has an extremely individual programme .
the athlete , who excels at &quot; sanda &quot; ( &quot; full contact &quot; kung-fu ) , at kickboxing and at thai boxing , is entering the tatami and the rings of the world in search of fresh challanges .
&quot; i started practising martial arts such as kung-fu and kickboxing 12 years ago in algeria , &quot; explained zemmal who has lived in the capital since 2008 in order to train with professionals .
&quot; in my case i look for fights everywhere , since for those who do not like the floor fights present in mixed martial arts , competitions in north america are rare . &quot;
recently , the man working as security agent for the ups company , had bad news for his rivals , having gained two gold medals in the amateur world championship of the world karate and kickboxing association ( wka ) held from 23 to 30 october in edinburgh in scotland .
&quot; i won in the classes of full contact kickboxing and thai boxing , &quot; he explained .
&quot; i am currently preparing to go to china for the san shou world cup . &quot;
&quot; competitors who finished among the first four zt the preceding world championship in each class , were invited . &quot;
&quot; in toronto in 2009 i won the bronze medal . &quot;
&quot; in vietnam in 2005 , i finished eigth . &quot;
&quot; i finished fifth in the 2007 tournament in china and third in toronto in 2009 , &quot; he added .
&quot; what is interesting is that i did better at each competition . &quot;
&quot; at this rate i will be first this year , or next ! &quot;
the &quot; san shou &quot; or &quot; sanda &quot; is an original chinese contest , where punches and kicks , as well as throwing to the ground is authorised .
the fights take place on a platform and more rarely in a ring .
the most famous pugilist from this form of combat is the american of vietnamese origin , cung le , well known in the world of martial arts .
if nacer zemmal is asked to recall only one event of his career , it will surely be his participation in the &quot; king of sanda &quot; tournament in the kung-fu super bowl .
&quot; this competition is the most often mentioned and the most prestigious in china , &quot; explained the agreeable , strapping young man .
&quot; it is the equivalent of the lumpinee stadium , ( the largest stadium in thailand ) . &quot;
&quot; it was a super experience . &quot;
zemmal won his first fight , a semi-final in his class ( 80 kg ) , before losing in the finals .
&quot; the man who beat me was a real professional &quot; he analysed .
&quot; there are four fighters in each class ( 80 kg , 85 kg , 90 kg and 95 kg ) &quot;
&quot; the winners of the semi-finals fight one another in the finals of their class . &quot;
&quot; the winners in each class fight one another for the title of a sigle champion , the king of kung-fu . &quot;
450 milion &apos; worth of contracts without calls for tender
hydro-quebec awarded 450 million dollars &apos; worth of contracts to engineering companies for the eastmain-1-a-sarcelle-rupert hydroelectric project .
at the core of this avalanche of over 100 contracts is a consortium formed by the companies bpr . dessau , sn group and axor , which secured the most important one , that of managing the project for the sum of 295 million dollars without a call for tender .
the consortium called energie gérance was formed in 2004 , leaving it to hydro-quebec at its option to pass its responsibility for managing this important hydroelectric project worth 5000 million dollars to the private sector .
at the beginning of 2005 the energie gérance consortium secured this lucrative contract without a prior public call for tender .
as far as the quebec party is concerned , recourse to company consortia poses a serious problem , that of elimination of competition and of an increase of price .
&quot; this is the new way of colluding and defeating competition . &quot;
&quot; this means that rather than behaving secretively , people now behave openly , &quot; declared the quebec party deputy silvain simard at a press conference .
earlier during the morning m. simard raised the question in the national assembly , because he found it difficult to see how the public interest could be served in that way .
replying in the afternoon , the minister of natural resources nathalie normandeau , denied vigorously any collusion in connection with this contract .
&quot; i am starting my journey , &quot; she stormed , maintaining that the quebec party had been &quot; dishonest &quot; and &quot; lacking rigour . &quot;
she said that &quot; it would be the least thing &quot; for the quebec party to excuse itself .
the formula of the consortia is current practice throughout the world .
what is usually involved is an alliance limited over time , which allows two or more companies to combine their respective expertises in order to respond to a call for tender for a complex project .
the eastmain project comprises a high level of complexity , taking into account the extent of the works .
the site is in progress and must extend until 2012 .
the contract was awarded without involving competition ; there were negotiations .
likewise , the formula of consortia is no longer an exception in quebec , even in respect of relatively simple projects .
as was disclosed last week by le devoir , the formula of consortia in the engineering consultancy sector is the subject of a government inquiry .
a brief inspection of the register of quebec companies shows the existece of over 200 consortia , some of which appear to be permanent .
so , for example , the desseau company works in partnership with the majority of its principal competitors , including cima + , génivar , snc-lavalin and others such as roche and tecsult .
every combination and there are tens of them , comes back to one and the same company , namely desseau .
as far as the energie gérance consortium is concerned , minister normandeau stressed that &quot; the territory of the baie james complies with the specific labour dynamics and that hydro-quebec has complied with them specifically since the nineteen seventies . &quot;
the head of the eastmain project , réal laporte of the société d &apos;énergie de la baie james ( sebj ) gave an explanation , which raised eyebrows about the fact that the project management contract had been awarded by mutual agreement .
&quot; if you launch a call for tender and if there are few tenderers , your prices will be too high . &quot;
&quot; you have two options ; either you accept the people who are in that market and you say that we will negotiate a satisfactory alliance and a good price . &quot; or you take the people who are in that market and you say that we will negotiate a satisfactiory alliance and a good price . &quot; we will negotiate a satisfactory alliance and a good price . &quot;
&quot; but the idea is that it is not the price which is impportant , but people &apos;s skills &quot; stated m. laporte .
this contract awarded to the energie gérance consortium , forms part of a long list of contracts of over 50 000 $ secured by the quebec psrty .
the contracts were awarded by hydro-quebec or sebj for the eastmain-1-a-sarcelle-rupert project .
following verification , le devoir counted 109 engineering consultancy contracts awearded between 2002 and 2010 to companies or to their subsidiaries , especially soil laboratories .
snc-lavalin grabbed 22 contracts , génivar 16 , tecsult 14 and dessau 10 , not counting its participation in eergie gérance .
all the contracts were negotiated .
they total 449 783 344 $ , including the contract awarded to energie gérance worth 295 131 564 $ .
sylvain simard let it be known that the four companies comprsing the consortium ( bpr , dessau , group sn and axor ) are &quot; well known to quebec liberal party . &quot;
minister normandeau let slip that the quebec party is also linked to these companies who &quot; finance &quot; it , before stating that it was rather its directors , who were involved .
barometer of the responsible consumption - the &quot; green &quot; label does not inspire confidence .
greener , but frankly sceptical .
the quebec consumer has little confidence in durable development players , but also in equitable brands and in certificates claimed to be ecological , to guide his choice .
worse , if he immerses himself in the universe of the media where messages in favour of more responsibe consumption pullulate , he deplores the lack of reliable information , a piece of neglect which he even describes as a brake on his commitment , indicates the barometer of responsible consumption whose first reading took place today .
even if they brought about an increase of consumption of so-called socially responsible products in 2010 , quebec inhabitants appear to have little faith in those who are trying to sell it to them .
two-thirds among them say in effect that they do not believe in the environmental commitment of companies , or their green publicity disclosing the tool of measurement drawn up by the responsible consumption observatory of sherbrooke university .
another finding : half of consumers entertain doubts concerning the reliability of official certifications appearing on so-called equitable products , but also concerning the credibility of products and brands marked as eco-responsible , indicates the barometer .
in the same vein , the talk of politicians on this topic is taken seriously by only 14.6 % of quebec inhabitants .
nevertheless , information concerning responsible consumption appears to be fundamental for the stimulation of this kind of current consumption by two-thirds of quebec inhabitants .
in fact , the vacuum and the doubtful nature of the information would cool the ardour of 46 % of consumers .
it is the second most important brake after the higher price of these products identified by the barometer .
moreover , two-thirds of quebec inhabitants say that they mistrust the alleged performamce of &quot; green &quot; products or services which are being placed in their hands .
on another note , in 2010 almost half the consumers had to change thir habits and most importantly to change the brand of one or more of their products , to reflect their conviction .
up to 61 % of them thus favoured buying from their local shops and preferred foodstuffs grown in their region , indicate the barometer .
greener and more responsible - the responsible consumption index has reached 64 out of a maximum of 100 for this year - the quebec homo consumus likes to appear as the king of recycling trying to reduce its environmental imprint by worrying about the protection of animals .
but its social and ecological conscience nevertheless appears to be restricted to the outside of its vehicle , indicates the barometer : in 2010 , scarcely 28 % of quebec inhabitants stated that they used public transport or recommended its use in order to defend their green interests .
walking and cycling were also supported by 19.1 % of participants in this huge bahavioural inquiry .
a state loan for the purchase of the excentris .
the quebec government which was asked to become financial involved in the purchase of the excentris cinema complex by the angus and parallel company , agrees to collaborate , but only in the form of a loan .
the angus and parallel development company which hoped for a grant of seven million dollars from the ministry of culture to purchase from daniel langlois the cinema complex excentris on boulevard saint-laurent , restoring to it its full cinemaphile vocation , will not secure what they are asking for .
the government agrees to become involved , but on its own conditions .
rather than the expected donation , the quebe government is offering a loan which will be less than initially expected and which could be a viable solution on advantageous conditions , at least according to state sources .
a first plan of action and a request for 12.8 million were already rejected by quebec last spring , but the requests have since been revised downwards .
a proposal amd an action plan were sent to minister st-pierre by the chairman of the société dedéveloppement des entreprises culturelles ( sodec ) françois nacerola , who is piloting the excenrtic file .
he sent him a final report ten days ago .
but the counterproposal of the cabinet arrived at sodec on tuesday .
parallèle and angus have until 31 december to reply to it .
it nevertheless appears that the assumption of a donation must really be abandoned .
let us recall that the associaitons of quebec owners of cinemas and cineparks opposed direct state investment to assist the purchase of excentris , arguing that the ministry of culture does not have to finance real estate projects , which it did not do for other cinemas .
but several local players , on the other hand , claimed substantial economic help .
daniel langlois , the previosu owner , supported the author &apos;s cinema on the complex premises after having himself financed its construction , which was able to justify a waiver by the treasury .
there is a crying lack of halls for showing independent films in montreal and excentris knew how to gain the loyalty of its customers .
the angus company and the parallel , headed by christian yaccarini , are piloting a private financing campaign , hoping to collect 700 000 $ to make the acquisiton possible .
since spring 2009 , one of the three screens , the parallel , continues to broadcast excetris films .
the aim of future purchasers is that of reopening the three halls on 27 february , showing the very beautiful film by xavier beauvois entitled &quot; men and gods . &quot;
but cristian yaccarini has not called back le devoir and it is not known what he and his group think about the proposals for a reduction , which have been made to them .
the veil lifted on a complex canada ....
the new american diplomatic cables divulged by wikileaks have lifted the veil on what the united states consider to be an inferiority complex of canadians towards americans , but they also betray a superiority complex of the later towards canada .
thus , american diplomats are astonished that every canadian elector does not have canado-american relations at heart when voting and believe that the visit by president obama helped the conservative government to have its 2009 budget adopted !
the four new communications between the american embassy in ottawa and washington published yesterday , give more spicy details to get one &apos;s teeth into .
a cable dated 22 setember 2008 , in the very middle of the federal election campaign , tells to what extent the united states form part of the stakes being debated by political leaders .
to the great astonishment of the american ambassador in ottawa , david wilkins .
mr. wilkins offers some explanations of this situation .
&quot; an almost inherent canadian inferiority complex is perhaps inducing canadian political leaders to speak about everyday internal stakes , rather than blame this election on the united states ( as during the free exchange campaign of 1988 ) .
the united states therefore are , he concludes , &quot; the proverbial elephant of this election : omnipresent , but potentially too threatening to be talked about . &quot;
the ambassador understands this &quot; deafening silence &quot; all the less , since the two countries have an intense political and economic relationship .
&quot; logically , &quot; he feels , &quot; the ability of a candidate , of a party and even more of a party leader to mamage this essential relationship must be a key factor , which the voters have in mind when voting . &quot;
the other expression of this important sentiment is found in the cable sent on 22 january 2009 by terry breese , chargé d &apos;affaires in ottawa , preparing president barack obama for his first visit to ottawa .
&quot; your journey will help ensure the government &apos;s survival of the vote of confidence at the start of february on the federal budget , which will post canada &apos;s first deficit for over ten years due to a relaunch plan of 30 to 40 thousand million dollars , &quot; writes mr. breese .
nowhere can be found any mention that the government had to adjourn parliament before christmas to avoid being defeated by the coalition and that the opposition parties made its survival conditional on the quality of the proposed relaunch plan .
another communication dated janaury 2008 and signed by ambassador wilkins , warns washington about the increasingly negative image of the united states conveyed by drama series broadcasts by cbc .
the ambassador is worried by broadcasts such as border , little mosque on the prairie , intelligece and h2o , which contain unsubtle references to maher arar , to the &quot; no fly list &quot; or again to kidnappings for rigorous interrogation by the cia .
another cable tells that during their first bilateral meeting , hillary clinton asked her french opposite number bernard kouchner , whether europe was ready to receive certain guantanamo prisoners .
m. kouchner replied &quot; yes , &quot; but on a case-by-case basis .
at the end of the meeting , he wrote , &quot; he handed a paper to the secretary of state on the subject of omar khadr , a moslem aged 15 of canadian origin . &quot;
&quot; the secretary agreed to review the case . &quot;
it should be noted in conclusion that tempers became heated about the wikileaks website .
tom flanagan , an former adviser very close to stephen harper , declared on cbc waves that the person responsible for this massive leak should be &quot; asassinated . &quot;
he echoed mike huckabee in the united states .
a worldwide plan for renewing lighting .
yesterday at cancun uno put forward a plan of renovation of domestic , commercial and industrial lighting in 100 countries with a view to securing a reduction of greenhouse gases ( ges ) corresponding to almost one-third of the additional reduction needed to stabilise the planet &apos;s climate by 2020 .
this ambitious plan is one of a number of concrete projects , which uno hopes to have adopted at cancun to offset the absence of mandatory reduction undertakings by industrialised countries .
according to the plan tabled yesterday , if incandescent bulbs , which still hold 50 to 70 % of the market , were replaced by fluocompact bulbs , or better still , by electroluminescent diode bulbs ( del or led in english ) , the bulk of the 1.8 thousand million tonnes of ges emitted on the planet to provide illumination for human beings , would be avoided .
illumination is responsible for 8 % of worldwide emissions .
this is the equivalent of 70 % of the emissions by the world &apos;s motor vehicles .
last year at copenhagen the high emissions countries such as the united states , china , europe and others including canada , adopted voluntary plans of reduction to bring down global emissions of ges from 53 gt to 49 gt .
but it will be necessary to subtract from this figure a further 5 gt to stabilise the increase of climate warming by 2020 at 2 ° c in order to avoid loss of control .
in incandescent bulbs 95 % of energy is dissipated in the form of heat and only the remaining 5 % produce light .
with fluocompact bulbs , the dissipation of energy is reduced by 75 % and with the new del bulbs , the energy requirement is additionally reduced by double that amount .
fluocompact bulbs last on an average between 6000 and 10 000 hours .
the new del bulbs such as those launched by philips this week , philips having morepover participated in a uno study , have a life expectancy of 25 000 hours and consume 80 % less energy than incandescent bulbs , giving an idea of the saving , which would be possible in a plan of replacement applicable to 100 countries .
these entirely novel bulbs can also work with rheostats , emitting very little heat .
and they contain no mercury .
several specialists have voiced revervations concerning fluocompact bulbs , because they contain mercury and because it is necessary to dispose of them as dangerous waste , which is not always possible in developing countries , unless the manufacturers issue instructions .
but , states the report , the principal source of mercury emission on the planet is not the fluocompast bulb , but rather carbon thermal emission centres , which emit a lot of mercury to produce the electricity wasted in incandescent bulbs .
in the united states alone , these centres emit 25 000 tonnes of mercury a year .
the report details the gains , which every country would achieve through this international programme .
for example , indonesia would save a thousand million dollars a year on purchases of electricity and eight million tonnes of co2 , the equivalent of 3.5 thermal centres , whose construction would cost 2.5 thousand million dollars .
ivory coast is nervously expecting the announcement of the election results .
the uno secretary-general , ban ki-moon , has called for the publication &quot; without delay &quot; of the results of the ivory coast presidential election , on the expiry of the set period .
&quot; the secretary-general stresses the need for the independent electoral commission to complete its work and to announce the provisional results without further delay &quot; stressed a spokesman for the head of uno . &quot;
&quot; he asks all ivory coast parties and institutions to show responsibility and to abstain from any initiatives pending the annoucement of the provisional results . &quot;
despite pressures exerted by certain foreign governments , the electoral commission has allowed th target date of wednesday midnight to pass , without publishing the results three days after the sunday voting .
about forty minutes before the expiry of the set period the president of the independent electoral commission &quot; continued to work &quot; on the announbcement of the results .
throughout the world , calls became more frequent on wednesday for the electoral commission finally to declare the name of the winner of the second round , laurent gbagbo or his opponenent alassane ouattara .
but the gbagbo camp is counting ont he cancellation by the constitutional council of &quot; fraudulent &quot; votes in the north , received by the ex-rebels of the new forces ( fn ) since the failed coup d &apos;état in september 2002 .
pascal affi n &apos;buessan , campaign director of the ivory coast president , stated that the manœeuvres of intimidation of electors by the fn in the north of the country had dissuaded the partisans of the leaving president from voting .
any election could be annulled , if complaints by ghagbo are accepted by the constitutional council .
gbagbo &apos;s enemies allege that the highest court of the coutry is not impartial , since it is presided by paul yao n &apos;dré , a close political ally of gbagbo .
alassane ouattara , the man from the north , who denies any links with the ex-rebels , has described as &quot; unacceptable &quot; the delay in making the announcement of the results and has asked gbagbo to respect them , but has not gone so far as to claim victory .
his allies state that gbagbo is blocking the publication of the results , because he knows that he lost and that complaining to the constitutional council after having prevented the electoral commission from publishing the results , would be illegal .
the second round of voting in the presidential election on sunday was thought to have crowned the process of reunification and of reconciliation of a country split in two for years .
on wednesday uno warned the ivory coast political class that it might be held respoonsible for any violence .
laurent gbagbo finished at the top in the first round on 11 october , with 38 % of votes against 32 % for alassane ouattara , who received the public support of the former presdient henri konan bedié ( 25 % in the firts round ) .
the rate of unemployment in france has remained stable in the 3rd quarter .
the rate of unemployment in france according to the international labour office has remained stable at 9.3 % in metropolitan france ( 9.7 % taking into account overseas départements ) trnspires from data corrected for provisional seasonal variations ( cvs ) published on thursday by the insee .
the number of unemployed is 2.631 million in metropolitan france .
the data for the second quarter were confirmed at 9.3 % of native working population and 9.7 of the dom .
over one year , unemployment has risen by 0.1 points .
seen more broadly , 3.4 million persons in metropolitan france are not working during the third quarter but wish to work , whether they are , or are not available for work within two weeks and whether or not they are looking for work .
te position of the young in the labour market has worsened with a fresh rise in the unemployment rate to 24.2 % in metropolitan france ( + , 9.2 points over three months + 0.5 points over the year ) and 25 % including the dom .
in the third quarter , 637 000 young people between 15 and 24 were unemployed ( bit ) .
older people experienced a slight rise of unemployment to 6.4 % in metropolitan france ( + 0.2 points over three months and over a year ) , equal to 482 000 persons of 50 or over and 6.6 % for the dom .
only the 25-39 benefited from stable unemployment in the third quarter being 8 . , 3 % in metropolitan france ( -0.1 points over three months and + 0.1 pointsover a year ) and 8.8 % in the whole of france .
since 2006 , the insee no longer publishes the monnhly unemployment rate , following arguments about its method of calculation .
on the other hand , eurostat , the statistical agency of the euroean union , continues to do so and on tuesday announced a rate of 9.8 % for france ( dom included ) in october after 9.9 % in september .
alexandre guerini is under arrest
alexandre guerini , 53 , director of waste processing companies and brother of the president of general council of bouches-du-rhone , was arrested and sent to luynes prison near aix-en-provence in the context of an investigation of public contracts presumed fraudulent .
according to his attorney , alexandre guerini is accused of the abusive use of company property , the theft public funds , of receiving stolen goods , of active corruption and of the sale of influence .
&quot; alexande guereini is combative and is willing to answer any questions which the magistrate may ask , but not fantasies . &quot;
&quot; it is easy to accuse him of a number of reprehensible actions , but quite another to prove them &quot; declared his attorney , florence rault , to apf , before her client &apos;s hearing .
m. guerini , brother of the strong man of the socialist party in the département , jean-noel guerini , passed to his judge prior to his hearing through his attorney an explanatory memorandum .
one of his intimates , philippe rapezzi was also detained on wed esday eveneing .
according to his attorney , me lucien simon , his client never did anything other than perform his duties .
concerning the award of contracts or the destination of the related funds , he had no knowledge of them , said me simon .
in this matter , daniel pinna , formerly director-general of servies of the aubagne conurbation was detained for questioning on wednesday concerning the theft of public funds and complicity and released on police bail , coupled with a prohibition on meeting any persons involved in the case .
&quot; my client has given explanations of the allegations against him . &quot;
2 &quot; the examining magistrate took this into account and did not deprive him of his freedom , &quot; said his attorney , me yann arnoux .
four other persons were detained for questioning and released during the night of tuesday to wednmesday , two of them on bail , said the assistant public prosecutor , michel raffin .
michel karabadjakian , assistant director-general of the cleansingof marseille province metropole ( mpm ) is being prosecuted for &quot; sale of influence and passive corruption . &quot;
two functionaries of the aubagne conurbation . michèle duval and christophe bringuier , were arrested and quationed one concerning the &quot; theft of public property by a person responsible for public service &quot; and the other concerning &quot; complicity in the theft of public funds . &quot;
lastly , the companion of alexandre guerini , jeanne peretti was questioned concerning &quot; receiving stolen company roperty . &quot;
among persons confronted with m. guerini is stephane brunengo-girard , recetly arrested in a parallel affair concerning fraudulent public contracts involving corsica .
investigators suspect his companies of having served for large-scale money laundering .
the investigation is being conducted in the context of several court investigations of x in april 2009 following anonymous letters concerning presumed fraud relating to public contracts , in particular for waste disposal .
according to a source close to the inquiry , the investigations concentrate in particular on the conditions of the award and functioning of a discharge of la ciotat , which collects aubagne waste as well as the waste from certain towns of the urban community of marseille ( mpm ) .
affair of clothilde reiss : the elysée has exaggerated the involvement of syria
during over ten months , from july 2009 to may 2010 , the fate of clotilde reiss , the young french reseerch worker arrested in iran for &quot; espionage , &quot; msde france hold its breath , alerted diplomacy and underlined the deterioration of relatiions between paris and teheran .
all under the careful scrutiny of united states diplomats .
american documents obtained by wikileaks and consulted by le monde , reveal some of the background of this crisis .
they describe how the elysée explained its strategy to the americans , going so far as to give them advice on the treatment of their own &quot; hostage &quot; in iran crises ( a small group of trippers ) .
they show how the french authorities have tried to convince washington that the release of the young frenchwoman was not balanced by the release of majid kakavand , an iranian under arrest in france and sought by american justice for trafficking in materials for the benefit of the iranian nuclear programme .
lastly , they place in a glaring light the way in which the french presidency tried to manipulate the media to give credence of the idea that the syrian president , bachar al-assad played a central part in the release of clotilde reiss .
in reality , he had not done anything .
a diplomatic cable sent on 12 august 2009 to paris is entitled &quot; iran : french comments on how to manage cases of hostages . &quot;
the elysée adviser on strategic matters , françois richier , accompanied by the director of quai d &apos;orsay for north africa and the middle east , patrice paoli , had a discussion with the american diplomat , kathleen alegrone .
they explained to her the french method .
they advised the americans to arrange to repatriate their own nationals detained in iran .
&quot; make a lot of noise , &quot; they said , &quot; hammer ceaselessly the words &quot; fundamental rights of man , &quot; &quot; innocence &quot; and &quot; immediate release &quot; in the media . &quot;
&quot; you must not embarrass the iranian regime , which is sensitive to its image . &quot;
&quot; do it all the more when the iranians ask you not to . &quot;
because after attempts to discuss the matter through discreet channels have failed , silence will not solve anything , the iranians being past-masters of delaying tactics . &quot;
m. richier adds that arresting foreigners is a familiar iranian tactic , taking hostages for political blackmail .
he announced that therelease of clotilde reiss from prison ( which will take place on 16 august , the day on which she took refuge in the french embassy ) would involve paying the iranians a large sum of money ( 230 000 eur as a caution ) .
and he advised that the elysée expected other hostage crises , a phenomenon which would get worse .
he said that the iranians might arrest in the near future another of some 1800 french citizens who live in iran .
28.8.09
clotilde reiss has been out of prison for twelve days , but is unable to leave iran .
a piece of information was broadcast : the iranian majid kakavand , whose extradition for illegal traffic in sensitive electronic material to iran the united states are demanding , was freed in paris by a court .
according to numerous observers , the american embassy is considering this worrying coincidence .
for washington which tracks iranian illegal nuclear material acquisition networks , the release of majid khakavgand is bad news .
has france accepted a deal ?
the release of the iranian against that of the frenchwoman ?
during the conversation with kathleen allegrone on 4 september , françois richier gave an assurance that this was not the case .
he said that he elysée was not only completely surprised by the judge &apos;s ruling , but also tried to oppose it .
he said that there were lively exchanges betwen the french presidency and and the garde des sceaux at the time , michèle alliot-marie. but the french government could not change the court ruling .
m. richier also wants to demonstrate that majid kakavand continues under close surveilance by the french secret service .
the elysée adviser dials a number , hangs up and then informs the american diplomat that the iranian is currently in a paris building managed by the iranian embassy .
during clotilde reiss &apos; detention in iran , the elysée did not control its efforts by means of communiques and media &quot; leaks &quot; to create the impression that the syrian pesident bachar al-assad was playing the important and influential part of an intermediary .
the americans observe this activity without irony and find that manipulation bears fruit because several press articles repeat the official french version .
a telegram dated 25 august 2009 mentions the media &quot; blitz &quot; by french officials .
on what is based so much &quot; gratitude &quot; epressed to m. assad , asks the paris embassy .
notwithstanding their declarations full of praise , french officials privately admit that they only have the vaguest notion of what the syrians really did .
the document then deals with the reasons why the elysée put out this fiction .
it states that the intensive effort of communication tries to validate sarkozy &apos;s policy of moving closer to syria .
a policy launched in 2008 , which was seen by many critics in france and abroad as being premature and without merit .
by exaggerating the part played by syria , paris is trying to show syria how much praise it could gain by playing a constructive part in the region .
the objective is also that of sowing seeds of discord betwen syria and iran .
the american embassy knows this from a reliable source .
on 11 august , françois richier confided him that the french did not of course know whether the syrians had done anything .. &quot; bien sûr , nous ne savons pas si les syriens ont fait quoi que ce soit . &quot;
but that they still thanked them .
this might at least confuse the iranians .
clotilde reiss returns to france on 16 may 2010
nicolas sarkozy receives her at the elysée .
in a communique , he thanks the presidents fo brazil , senegal and syria for their &quot; active role in favour of the release of our compatriot . &quot;
no on-line games for young koreans after midnight .
according to government authorities , the south korean governemt will pass a law called &quot; cinderella , &quot; which will prohibit adolescents from playing on-line games after midnight by means of bocking their access .
according to representaitves of the ministries of culture and family , a draft law will be submitted to parliament in december to ask on-line game companies to block access of juvenies under 16 to their games after midnight .
a lot of children play these games all night and then experience difficulties in studying at school and in living a normal life in daytime .
&quot; we think that this law is needed to ensure their health and their right to sleep , &quot; declared to afp jo rin , the minister in charge of piloting the draft law .
on-line games will now be accessible at 6 a.m.
the minister stated that the companies would have one year to prepare themselves for the application of the law .
he added that the government would also ask the companies to limit the daily time of access to these games by young people whose parents have asked for this to be done .
he would also make available to people requesting it , free-of-charge software making it possible to limit time spent on internet .
south korea is one of the most &quot; connected &quot; countries and the newspapers regularly report various facts linked to an intensive use of the internet .
the country is also the undisputed champion of worldwide online game competitions .
in november , south korea won four gold medals at world cyber games in a contest of 58 other nations .
world championships 2018-2022 : fifa appoints organising countries .
torment due to suspected corruption . on thursday , the executive committee of fifa will appoint countries to organise world cup matches in 2018 and 2022 , an eminently politcal choice , where influence and lobbying battles are liable to take precedence of technical criteria .
one thing is certain ; the 2018 edition of the fifa competition will take place in europe , the traditional bastion of the game ( 4 candidates , great britain , russia , spain-portugal and belgium-the netherlands ; angleterre , russie , espagne-portugal , pays-bas-belgique ) .
that of 2022 will be a lot more exotic , fifa hoping to conquer new territories ( quatar , australia ) after a first contest on the african continent in 2010 or to pursue its introduction into the usa , or the far east ( japan , south korea ) .
the list of personalities of the delegations ( david cameron , price william , jose luis rodriguez zapatero , jose socrates , bill clinton , the emir of qatar , the heads of the belgian and dutch governments , zidane , beckham , cruyff ) give an idea of the economic and political stakes of a world competition .
behind-the-scenes bargaining may therefore last up to the last minute .
for the rest , it is difficult to establish a hierarchy among the candidates .
according to a fifa assessment report , the british , spanish-portuguese ( 2018 ) and american ( 2022 ) cases advance better arguments than their competitors .
but these considerations will not weigh very heavily with the 22 members of the executive committee , when it comes to voting .
the sunday times whiose disclosures resulted in the suspension of two members of the executive committee ( reynald temerii and amos adamu ) , might thus have ruined the chances of its country , the cradle of football , which only hosted the world cup once , in 1966 .
on monday the bbc broadcast a documentary concerning three influential members of the executive committee , ricardo teizeira , nicolas leoz and issa hayatou .
upsetting fifa and embarrasing the british representatives , who engaged in intensive lobbying in recent weeks , mainly through david beckham .
the head of the british government hopes to repeat the coup of his predessesor tony blair , who in 2005 secured the choice of london as the venue of the 2012 olympic games .
will this intensive activity suffice to reguild the shield of england in the eyes of the executive committee ?
nothing is less certain , because the spain-portugal duo does not lack for advantages , with its stadia already completed , its expertise ( world cup 82 in spain , 1992 olympic games in barcelona , euro 2004 in portugal ) and its football culture .
but the sombre economic and financial prospects of the two countries could pour cold water on their ambitions .
possible reprisals against the british and doubts about the solvency of spain and portugal can only improve the standing of russia , which has become a powerful outsider , despite its lacks ( stadia , hotels , transport ) .
but the prime minister vladimir putin decided not to travel to zurich and denounced &quot; unfair competition in the preparation of voting &quot; in a veiled reference to accusations in the british press against members of the executive committee .
&quot; they are being spattered with mud and attempts are being made to compromise them , &quot; alleged mr. putin .
concerning 2022 , the united states with expereince of 1994 , appear the obvious favourites .
the leading world ecomomic power , the seat of the principal sponsors of fifa , the country appears to have a big lead over japan and south korea who have separately built a very fine project .
but these new candidatures appear premature for two countries , which jointly organised the 2002 trial .
another threat : the award of the 2026 world competition to china , ardently desired by fifa , which will in fact extinguish asian chances for 2022 .
concerning qatar which has made great play of proposing futuristic stadia and australia , fifa would pursue its expansion into new regions , but these two countries offer more risk than certainty .
like japan and south korea , australia could also suffer from the weakness of tv rights of european countries , the nerve centre of the war for fifa .
second mandate : the evidence
de gaulle really hesitated .
mitterand made others believe that he hesitated .
valery giscard d &apos;estaing and jacques chirac had not the slightest hesitation .
and nicolas sakozy still fewer than they .
an elysée mandate tells a different story .
accordingly , the current head of state will be a candidate in 2012 .
but the evidence conflicts with the mystique of the presidential function .
it is now necessary to pretend that the doubt had always existed .
in one sense as in the other .
in 2006 , even without believing it , friends of jacques chirac pretended that a third mandate was not excluded .
on 15 november with a grave air , nicolas sarkozy gave an assurance that he would make his decision &quot; sometime in the autumn of 2011 &quot;
the fact that on tuesday night at the elysée before ump deputies he called up the prospect of &quot; two mandates &quot; sowed some feverish reflections .
was this the official annoucement of his candidature ?
far from it .
the president only recalled that the 2008 revised constiution limited the number of five-year terms to only two .
he stated facts , but he did not make an announcement .
this is not for the first time that he humorously mentions the presidential election at such meetings .
he said in july 2009 that at best they only had another seven and a half years of him .
rebelote in may 2010 : do not believe that i only thought about it afterwards
his intentions of the day before yesterday did not make him any more or any less a candidate than those of the day before that .
if they occasion comments , the reason is twofold .
on the one hand , the acceleration of the progress of the candidature of the socialist party .
but it is not the entry into the lists of segolene royal , which pushes nicolas sarkozy to unmask himself .
the reason is , on the contrary , that his 2012 candidature is clearly what many members of the socialist party are calling for , an earlier plan of battle than one originally planned .
the bad polls , on the other hand .
for the first time , voters on the right preferred the candidature of françois fillon to that of nicolas sarkozy ( 45 % against 44 % , according to eva-l &apos;express ) .
the entourage of the prime minister immediately said that it had a candidate and that there was no debate about this within ump .
jean-pierre raffarin said that if he , the candidate , believed that defeat was a possibility , he would not be a candidate .
alain juppé said in the face of evidence and by way of correction that the candidate would always believe that he could win .
euro : bce compelled to buy state securities
the last annual meeting of the board of governors of the european central bank ( bce ) had to be the occasion of specifying the methods of emerging from the crisis , or at least of announcing the end of a good number of unconventional monetary policy operations , which have to be completed by the year end .
the european sovereign debt crisis obliges the issuing institute in frankfurt to bahave less peremptorily , on pain of aggravating the situation , which is now more than tense enough already on european markets of obligation .
the political cost would be all the higher .
yesterday at a press conference , the french minister of finance , christine lagarde greeted the active role played by the bce to resolve the debt crisis of european states .
she did not wish to say whether she thought that the central bank had to do more , for example , by increasing its programme of buying sovereign bonds .
she said that she would communicate her thoughts to her european partners .
in brussels on the day before during his hearing before the economic and monetary affairs commission of the european parliament , the chairman of the bce , jean-claude trichet did not prove more diffuse about his intentions , contenting himself with saying that the programme of buying state securities in the secondary market would continue and that they would see what will be decided at the meeting on thursday .
the only certainty : the bce would keep its principal rate of interest unchanged at 1 % , historically the lowest since may 2009 .
factually , the obligatory treasury purchases by the bce doubled during last week to almost 1.35 thousand million euros .
and , according to indiscretions of market operators , it made fresh purchases of irish and portuguese bonds yesterday .
in total , eurosystem central banks bought 67 thousand millions &apos; worth of euros since may 2010 .
there is no doubt among market operators about the expectations of a pursuit of purchases ( see page 29 ) .
economists no longer expect any marked change of cap .
whilst loan operations at over three months have already disappeared from the bce bank arsenal , the latter continues to grant unlimited cash loans on generous terms and for periods from one weke to three months .
economists now expect that the facility will be extended by some months .
michael schubert , an economist at commerzbank cannot imagine that it will modify it programe to any great extent .
he says that this would cause new short-term tensions .
norbest bräms , an economist at sal says that a gradual exit to be announced during the firts quarter of 2011 appears more likely .
oppenheim .
norbet bräms adds that on the level of its interventions in the public debt market , the bce would have to make purchases of these bonds adequately large to revive the lacklustre market .
taking into account the large exposure of european banks to sovereign debt markets of the euro zone , the issuing institute has no option other than to maintain a presence in the market .
an important bonds manager said yesterday that the bank must at all costs offsat the shortage of investors in the market and prevent a boom of payments by the most vulnerable states .
because if interest rates take off , states will be all the more anxious to reduce their indebtedness , or to stabilise it .
this is the price of safeguarding the euro .
in italy , the berlusconi government is turning its back .
after the start of a disquieting week for italy , the situation yesterday was somewhat easier with the reflux of 10-year obligatory rates .
return to precarious calm .
on leaving a meeting with the minister of the economy , the regional presidents said that giulio tremonti described the situation as &quot; insoluble &quot; and that he was waiting for an unforeseeable weekend , which he subsequently denied .
in any event on tuesday the difference between german long-term rates reached a record of 210 base points and the price of contracts to cover the risk of bankruptcy ( cds ) took off to reach 263 points , producing a certain amount of panic in rome .
at a session of the council of ministers , silvio berlusconi pointed out that in spain the differential from german rates was over 400 base points .
but his right arm , gianni letta , declared himself very worried by market turbulence and by a possible contagion from ireland .
the good news is that italy , the third largest economy of the eurozone , is not like greece and ireland .
according to irwin stezer , an econoist at the hudson institute , the bad news is that it is like portugal .
clearly , its problem is an absence of growth and inadequate tax revenues , placing the state in in danger of no longer being able to cover its financial requirements .
the most recent forecasts from brussels acted like a cold shower on the government .
italian growth is now expected to be 1.1 % in 2011 and 1.4 % in 2012 , whist the budget now under scrutiny by the senate records 1.3 and 2.0 % respectively .
under these conditions , the european commission calculates that the public deficit will be 4.3 % of the gdp next year ( versus 3.9 % forecast by the government ) and 3.5 % in 2012 ( instead of the forecast of 2.7 % ) .
this is the reason for the rumour of a new collective budget of 7 thousand million euros , which might be drawn up after the holidays .
the economic affairs commissioner olli rehn said that if necessary , new austerity measures will have to be taken .
for the moment , italy receives support from international institutions .
arrigo sadun , the italian administrator of the international monetary fund in charge of italy at the imf assures that the foundations of italian economy are sound .
pier carlo padoan , chief economist of ocde , states that there is no problem in the immediate future , in the short or in the long term , because despite its large debt ( 119.2 % of gip in 2011 , ndlr ) . stabilisation efforts demanded from italy are smaller than those demanded from other countries .
there remains the question of political instability .
on 14 december , silvio berlusconi will face a motion of censure in the chamber of deputies , following which an early general election could take place at the end of march .
a period not suited to the taking of decisions in the event of a serious crisis would then begin .
europeans are thinking about means of strengthening anti-crisis devices .
christine lagarde hammered the following home yesterday at a press conference in paris : she said that she believed europeans showed on sunday both day and night that they are committed to defend their currency and their monetary zone .
although that it was only relative , the detente recorded here yesterday of interest rates on european state bonds brought water to the mills of governments and of the bce .
but one cannot yet speak about a start of normalisation .
the standard &amp; poor agency announced that it might devalue the portuguese debt , the target of most of today &apos;s speculation .
the economists of exane bnp paribas feel that as in may , there is a real lack of clarity and political transparency encumbering banking systems in particular .
all the more because political time moves much more slowly than market time .
aware of this gap and of the dangers which it conceals , european countries are intensifying their discussions aimed at strengthening their existing anti-crisis devices .
informal consultations between ministers of finance of countries most directly concerned and more widely their g20 opposite numbers , are well advanced .
and also in the expectation of meetings of the eurogroup and the ecofin at the start of next week .
the bce is meeting today .
on the agenda is the fate of unconventional measures of support for countries of the eurozone in the market collimator ( see above ) .
concerning the european financial stability fund ( fesf ) its executive director klaus regling began a tour of asia starting from singapore , to inform far east investors about the progress of the crisis i europe .
whilst the object of these visits is not to raise funds , it is certainly intended to prepare the ground for doing so .
the first issues of fesf bonds are expected to take place next month .
yesterday , an official american representative told reuter that the united states would support a possible increase of funds for direct supplementary involvement of the imf .
front line coutries such as spain and portugal are preparing to adopt structural reforms , particularly concerning organisation of the labour market .
reforms which are additional to measures of austerity with a more rapid effect .
lisbon and madrid wish to embark on a path different from that taken by greece and ireland .
both are anxious to avoid in any circumstances asking for international help , before introducing its own budgetary correctives and deciding on structural reforms essential for restoring long-term confidence .
lastly , backers of european funds are discussing available options to speed up the process of normalisation of sovereign debt markets .
in paris on 24 november , axel weber first put forward the idea that if the 750 thousand million euros released by europe and the imf were not adequate , the unnion would not hesitate to resort to the portfolio .
economists at barclay capital , a top eureopean sovereign debt market player , feel that an increase of about 100 thousand million euros , preferably in the form of a direct cash injection , would suffice .
the vehicle exists : the vehicle exists in the form of the european financial stabilisation mechanism , currently containing 60 thousand million euros .
a piece of advice likely to be examined carefully in european capitals .
most importantly , if market conditions prevail .
snow and ice : 24 départements have received an orange warning .
episodes of snow are still causing traffic problems , especially in the secondary network in brittany and may disrupt certain economic activities .
twenty-four départements are on orange alert due to a risk of snow and ice .
eure , eure-et-loir , deux-sèvres ad vienne have joined the 20 départements already on orange alert , 18 since wednesday afternoon and two , dordogne and gironde , later during the night .
according to meteo france , continuous flurries of snow are affecting the north of the gironde and both charentes and it is snowing lightly over the ile de france .
deposits of snow from 2 to 5 cm , 7 to 10 cm in places , are expected in the départements in question and 1 to 3 cm , indeed up to 5 cm in the paris region .
the départements in question are charente , charente-maritime , cotes d &apos;armor , finistere , gironde , dordogne , poitou and those of the regions of basse-normandie , ile-de-france and limousin .
according to meteo france , snow episodes are sufficiently marked to create traffic problems and to disrupt certain economic activities .
in cotes d &apos;armor , access to vehicles of over 7 / 5 tonnes to several major roads is barred , including the guingamp-lannion and the saint-brieuc-loudeac roads .
traffic on the brittany secondary network is very difficult and the gendarmerie recommends that vehicles should only be used where absolutely necessary . traffic of certain ter vehices has been suspended for the day .
in picardy , all school transport on thursday has been prohibited .
no special measures are contemplated for wednesday evening to restrict the traffic of heavy loads .
the prefecture asks all drivers to exercise the greatest possible care on roads and to adapt their driving accordingly .
the directorate-general of civil aviation ( dgac ) has asked all air transport companies to cancel on thursday 25 % of their flights to roissy airport and 10 % to orly airport , due to expected snowfall .
the dgac recommends air passengers to contact their carrier .
in great britain , gatwick airport in south london and edinburgh airport in scotland will be closed until thursday morning .
metro grand paris : first financial proposals ;
since the time when the debate about the modernisation of transport in the ile-de-france reached its highest point , thousands of millions of euros have been haemorrhaging .
in the discussion of means .
mention is made in particular of the 23 thousand million euros for the grand paris metro which the grand paris company is to build .
to start this sgp , the state announced a contribution of 4 thousans million euros .
in the theoretical scheme , it is this sum which will then enable the sgp to borrow in the market a part of the financing of its double loop .
today. the first calculations have begun .
the 2010 law concerning rectification financing examined by the parliamentary finance commission this morning , contains the devices needed for finding the initial sum .
there are two of them : the creation of a special equipment tax and an increase of the tax on offices in the ile-de-france .
the first , says article 15 of the draft law is &quot; for the establishment of the grand paris company . &quot;
elle est chiffrée : it says : the yield of this tax is 117 million euros annually .
the second is a recasting of a tax on officesm which exists already &quot; in order to modernise , to increase its yield and to allocate this increase to the grand paris company . &quot;
how much will this will bring in ?
mystery .
this does not figure in the text .
it falls far short of the 4 thousand million .
the expose states that tax resources are additional to the 4 thousand million euros of capital to be invested by the state and passed to the grand paris company as the project progresses .
sgp does not find this system shocking .
it is explained that from the moment the two sources of cash were created ( the two taxes , ndlr ) it would be possible to cover the cost of three years of study and then resort to the 4 thousand million euros .
&quot; this would be included in the budget and drawn on as the project develops &quot;
the sgp estimates that the 4 thousand million euros would be included in 2013 in the 2014 budget .
this device , in which the promised 4 thousand million euros are already included , may give rise to a somewhat excited parliamentary debate .
first public session on 7 december .
vengeful hackers and spies are waiting .
the wikileaks affair has a double significance .
on the one hand , it is a scandal , which only looked scandalous in the light of the hypocrisy which prevails in relations between states , citizens and the press .
on the other hand , it announces profound changes on international level and points to a future dominated by regression .
but let us take things in the right order .
the first aspect of wikileaks is a confirmation of the fact that every secret service case ( of any country ) consists solely of press cuttings .
the &quot; extraordinary &quot; american revelations about the sexual habits of berlusconi only report what it was possible to read for months in any daily ( except in those belonging to berlusconi ) and the sinister caricature profile of khadafi has long been a cabaret artists &apos;sketch material .
the rule according to which secret files may only contain already known news is essential for secret services dynamic and not only in the present century .
if you visit a library devoted to american publications , you will see that every work repeats ( concerning the grail , the mystery of rennes-le-chateau , the templars , or the rosicrucians ) exactly that which was already set out in earlier works .
and this is so not only because the author of occult texts does not like to do previously unpublished research ( and does not know where to look for news about what does not exist ) , but because those who devote themsslves to occultism , do not believe what they already know and which confirms what they had already learned .
this is dan brown &apos;s success mechanism .
the same applies to secret files .
the informant is lazy and lazy ( or limited ) is also the head of secret service ( otherwise he could be , for all i know , an editor at liberation ) , who does not consider to be true what he recognises .
top secret information about berlusconi , which the amereican embassy in rome sent to the state department , was the same as that which newsweek had published the week before .
so why did the revelations about these files make so much noise ?
on the one hand , they say that every cultivated person already knows that embassies have , at least since the end of the second world war and since heads of state could telephone one another or fly to meet for dinner , lost their diplomatic function and except for some little representation exercises , have become centres of espionage .
every spectator of investigation films knows this very well and it is hypocritical to pretend that he does not .
nevertheless , repeating it in public breaches the duty to be hypocritical and only places american diplomacy in a bad light .
secondly , the idea of a hacker being able to acquire the deepest secrets of the most powerful country in the world represents a significant blow to the prestige of the state department .
the scandal affects both the victims and the &quot; executioners &quot; equally .
but let us look at the profoud nature of what has happened .
formerly , in the days of orwell , one could see all power as big brother , who controlled every action of his subjects .
the orwellian prophecy proved completely true , since being able to be completely controlled thanks to the telephone , the hotel visited , the motorway taken and so on , the citizen became a total victim of the eye of power .
but when one demonstrates what happens now , that even the secrets of power cannat escape the control of a hacker , the control report ceases to be unidirectional and is able to circulate .
power controls every citizen , but every citizen , or at least the hacker as the citizen &apos;s avenger , can learn all the secrets of power .
how can a power last , if it can no longer keep its secrets ?
it is true , as george simmel has already said that a real secret is an empty secret and can never be discovered ; it is also true that knowing everything about the character of berlusconi or of merkel is a secret devoid of secrecy , because it is in the public domain , but to disclose , as wikileaks has done , that the secrets of hillary cliton were empty secrets , means taking away all her power .
wikileaks did not injure sarkozy or merkel , but did considerably injure clinton and obama .
what will be the consequences of this injury inflicted on a very powerful entity ?
clearly , in future , states will no longer be able to place on line secret information , which would be like posting it on a street corner .
but it is also clear that with current technologies it is useless to hope to be able to discuss confidential reports on the telephone .
nothing is easier than to discover if and when a head of state has flown away and to contact one of his / her colleagues .
how can private and confidential reports be discussed in the future ?
i know very well that for the moment my forecast is science fiction and fanciful , but i have to imagine government agents who travel discreetly by routes which cannot be checked and that they have learned messages by heart , or have concealed written information in the heel of a shoe .
the information will be on a single copy kept in a locked dtrawer ; basically , the attempted watergate espionage was less succesul than wikileaks. au fond , la tentative d &apos;espionnage du watergate a eu moins de succès que wikileaks .
i had occasion to write that technology goes forward like a crab , namely , backwards .
a century after the invention of wireless telegraphy revolutionised communications , internet re-established wire telegraphy ( telephone ) .
video cassettes ( analogue ) had enabled cinema research workers to explore a film step-by-step going backward and forward and discovering all the secrets of montage , whilst digital cd &apos;s only allow jumping from chapter to chapter , namsly by macroportions .
with high-speed trains one can travel from rome to milan in three hours , whilst going by air a total of three-and-a-half hours are needed .
is it therefore not extraordinary that politics and communication techniques revert to horse-drawn carriages .
a last observation .
in other days the press tried to understand what was happening in secret in embassies .
now it is embassies which ask the press for confidnetial information .
climate : how france tampers with its promises of finance .
a year after the copenhagen agreement it is time to look at the observance of the promises of fast finance ( so-called fast start finance ) by developed countries .
and large-scale tampering cam to light .
according to the copenhagen agreemsnt , developed countries underook to furnish 30 thousand million dollars between 2010 and 2012 .
the european union promised 7.2 thousand million euros over three years and france 1.25 thousand million euros ( 420 million a year ) .
when cop16 opened , the european union tried to persuade its partners of the authenticity of its commitment to rapid start finance , submitting a report detailing the actions of its member-states , press cnferences , major side events , the distribution of brochures ... rapport détaillant l &apos;action de ses etats membres , conférence de presse , grand side event , distribution de brochures ...
the operation transparency is appreciable and appreciated at its just value : developing countries and the civil society are doing the same and at the same level of precision. les pays en développement et la société civile aimeraient que tous les pays développés fassent de même avec un même niveau de précision .
the european union announces having allocated in 2010 2.2 thousand million euros , a good token of observance of its promise of 7.2 thousand million euros in 2012 .
but looking at details , things are more complicated .
this money must , according to the copenhagen agreenment , be &quot; new and additional &quot; to ensure that a supplementary effort is made without detriment to public development assistance .
unfortunately , there is no agreement about what &quot; new and additional &quot; means .
now that the european commission has proposed a harmonisation , certain member-states including france have blocked the procedure .
today , everyone chooses what suits him / it best .
the european commission , for example , took for its reference the year 2009 ; international finance is maintained and it is adding 150 milions over 3 years as fast start finance. les financements internationaux sont maintenus , et elle y ajoute 150 millions sur trois ans au titre des financements fast start .
other countries chose similar references in terms of year , or of level of public development assistance .
on the contrary , france regards the financing of all 2010 new projects as &quot; new and additional projects . &quot;
in other words , there is no reference to the costs of the preceding years , or globally , of public development assistance .
concretely , the total support given by france to developing countries can remain stable ( or even decrease ) , france maintains that it is observing its commitment in respest of &quot; new and additional &quot; finance .
another crucial element , the separation of gifts and loans .
there , again , there is no rule and everyone chooses his own method of calculation .
some , like france , consider that a euro lent is equal to a euro donated .
clearly , this is difficult to justify ; the effort is not coparable. l &apos;effort n &apos;est pas comparable .
if the custom of loans can be justified for certain investments which are profitable ( often projects linked to emissions which rely on more efficient technologies ) it is fallacious to call a euro which one will recoup as a donated euro .. in addiiton , only the cost of a loan to the lender country should be taken into accunt as its commitment ( equal to the rate of interest ) .
but france need only reason that it &quot; observes &quot; it commitment of 420 million euros making 91.5 % of loans ( 399.8 million euros ) and 8.5 % of donations ( 36.1 million euros ) - see european union document for your own verifcation. elle &quot; respecte &quot; son engagement de 420 millions d &apos;euros en faisant 91,5 % de prêts ( 389,8 millions d &apos;euros ) et 8,5 % de dons ( 36,1 millions d &apos;euros ) - voir le document de l &apos;ue pour vérifier par vous-même .
it is the only country of the union to use loans on such a massive scale .
germany is lending 46 % , whilst denmark , the netherlands and slovakia ( among others ) observe their ciommitment with 100 % as donations .
in other words , when the great majority of the european union gives 1 euro to meet its commitment , france only gives 10 centimes and regards its effort as comparable .
a nice sleight of hand !
summing up , france operates , in its fast start finance , double blackmail : on the one hand , on the evolution of the action over time and the other hand , on the reality of the financial effort. d &apos;une part sur l &apos;évolution de l &apos;action dans le temps et d &apos;autre part sur la réalité de l &apos;effort financier .
by only spending 36.1 million euros it thinks that it is generating a belief to be spending 420 million &quot; new and additional &quot; euros as it promised .
the manipulation of the ministry of finance ( because it appears that it is bercy that implemented the arbitrage ) could have a doubly negative impact , both within the european union ( why should the other member-states continue to give , if lending is sufficient ? ) and in the negotiations , since the developing countries are not completely duped ....
the early finance chapter is only a small , relatively short-term matter in relation to all the discussions about the climate .
but it could be pone more grain of sand in the huge machine , the unfccc .
let us hope that this is not the case .
in any event , it is essential to draw lessons from this first year of early finance .
first of all , france could announce a change in its method of accountancy for 2011 and 2012 in a spirit of honouring its commitments and of equity with other european union countries .
but above all , france could promote the discussions about long-term financing stakes ( another crucial chapter currently being discussed ) ; it is not possible to avoid the question of &quot; additionality &quot; or of the method of accountancy of loans. on n &apos;échappera pas à la question de &quot; l &apos;additionalité &quot; ou du mode de comptabilisation des prêts .
france could change its position to become as progresisve on these stakes as it it on others .
the hope therefore rests on the new minister of the environment , mme kosciusko-morizet who will arrive in casun next week .
a surprise announcement on france &apos;s fast start and on the view of &quot; additionality &quot; and the use of loans would increase the level of international confidence needed for progress in these discussions .
alert on pesticides consumed by children .
according to a study published o wednesday by the future generations association ( formelry movement for the rights and respect of future generations ) , a child of 10 consumes in one day 81 different chemical substances .
the association which predicts that its results do not possess , in view of the small number of samples analysed , any significant statistical value , but illustrate the problem being dealt with , has bought in spermarkets of the oise and of paris between july and september , the basket of foodstuffs generally consumed in four meals by a child of ten .
these meals inclduing official recommendations , five pieces of fresh fruit and vegetables , three dairy products and 1.5 litres of water as well as delicacies , were examined by clinical research laboratories dealing with chemicals , pesticides , heavy metals and other pollutants .
the balance sheet is staggering : 81 chemical substances including 42 classified as potentially or probably carcinogenic and five classified as definitely carcinogenic , as well as 37 substances able to induce endocrine disorders , according to studies by several institutions such as the international cancer research centre .
according to the associaiton , even if , in almost all cases , the legal limits of each chemical substance are not exceeded , our inquiry shows that the reality of exposure of consumers to potentially carcinogenic contaminant is worrying .
for breakfast , butter and tea with milk alone contain over ten possible and three proven carcinogenic residues and almost twenty residues potentially able to disturb the hormone system .
an apple from brazil contains traces of six chemical substances incluing a fungicide , prohibited in france .
the same applies to beans from kenya included in a luncheon , in which the study found traces of a powerful insecticide prohibited in the european union .
in addiiton , minced steak , canned tuna and even a baguette and chewing gum contained pesticides and other chemicals .
tapwater contained nitrates and chloroform .
for dinner , salmon steak was the &quot; richest , &quot; with 34 chemical residues and even the plastic plate used for warming the meal in a microwave , was not exempt .
according to the study , the final risk for the consumer in this &quot; contaminant cocktail &quot; is probably underestimated .
for its part , the european ecology alliance - the greens proposed , in view of the urgency of the situation , the introduction of a moratorium on the use of pesticides , in order to stop the growth of civilisation &apos;s diseases .
in july , a study by the european food safety agency pointed to the presence of residues of 365 different pesticides identified in fruit and vegetables consumed in europe including 76 in cereals .
obama receives netanyahu
the relationship between obama and netanyahu is not exactly friendly .
the two wanted to talk about the implementation of the international agreement and about teheran &apos;s destabilising activities in the middle east .
the meeting was also planned to cover the conflict with the palestinians and the disputed two state solution .
relations between obama and netanyahu have been strained for years .
washington criticises the continuous building of settlements in israel and accuses netanyahu of a lack of initiative in the peace process .
the relationship between the two has further deteriorated because of the deal that obama negotiated on iran &apos;s atomic programme , .
in march , at the invitation of the republicans , netanyahu made a controversial speech to the us congress , which was partly seen as an affront to obama .
the speech had not been agreed with obama , who had rejected a meeting with reference to the election that was at that time impending in israel .
in 911 call , professor admits to shooting girlfriend
in a 911 call , his voice only slightly shaky , college professor shannon lamb told police he had shot his girlfriend and officers needed to get over to their house .
lamb made a point to say his &quot; sweet dog &quot; was there alive and probably upset , and said the dead woman &apos;s family contacts could be found on her phone .
inside the home , officers found amy prentiss &apos; body and a hand-written note scribbled on a white legal pad : &quot; i am so very sorry i wish i could take it back i loved amy and she is the only woman who ever loved me , &quot; read the letter authorities say was signed by lamb .
there was no indication that lamb , who was teaching two online classes for delta state university in cleveland , mississippi , had already traveled 300 miles to the school &apos;s campus , where police believe he shot and killed a well-liked history professor , ethan schmidt , in the doorway to his office .
delta state university police chief lynn buford said university officials heard about the shooting at 10 : 18 a.m.
he said lamb made the fateful 911 call sometime after that .
by the end of the day , there would be one more death : lamb took his own life as police closed in on him .
a day after the school shooting forced students and faculty to hide behind locked doors , authorities were still trying to piece together what motivated lamb .
the details released by investigators at both ends of the state as well as students and staff who knew him helped paint a picture of a talented but possibly troubled teacher .
students said they looked forward to his class .
police in gautier , where prentiss died , said he had no history of violence or criminal record .
schmidt himself had included lamb in a book he wrote where he acknowledged the &quot; wonderful people &quot; he shared his academic life with .
both taught in the division of social sciences and history , which lists 17 faculty members , and many students took courses from both .
at the same time , there were some inclinations of problems .
a student who praised lamb , brandon beavers , said he also seemed agitated and jittery , &quot; like there was something wrong with him . &quot;
another student , mikel sykes , said lamb told him he was dealing with stress at the end of the 2014-15 academic year .
lamb had earlier asked delta state university for a medical leave of absence , saying he had a health issue of some sort .
this year , he was only teaching two online classes .
recent changes in the university &apos;s hiring policies meant that the doctorate lamb had worked so hard to earn would not guarantee him an automatic tenure track to become an assistant professor .
university president william laforge said he didn &apos;t know of any conflict between lamb and schmidt but &quot; obviously there was something in mr. lamb &apos;s mind . &quot;
those are questions lamb can no longer answer .
after fleeing the campus , police later picked up lamb &apos;s trail when he crossed back into mississippi from arkansas .
before he could be apprehended , lamb killed himself with a single .38-caliber pistol in the backyard of a home about a mile south of his parents &apos; home on the outskirts of greenville , mississippi , said washington county coroner methel johnson .
his car was still running in the driveway .
it was not immediately clear why lamb went to that home , though johnson said she believes he knew the people who lived there .
lamb grew up in the area .
lamb started working at the university , which has 3,500 students in a city of about 12,000 , in 2009 and taught geography and education classes .
he received a doctorate in education in the spring .
one of lamb &apos;s longtime friends described him as smart , charismatic and funny .
carla hairston said she was 15 and lamb was 20 when they met through mutual friends .
she and her friends were in high school , and he was the cool older guy who tried for several years to teach her to play guitar .
he was quite the heartthrob back then .
all the girls would melt when he was around , &quot; said hairston , now 40 and living in the jackson suburb of brandon .
lamb and prentiss had apparently been dating for some time .
in the 911 call , lamb said &quot; i killed my wife , &quot; but there was no record of them ever marrying .
they had a dog named lightning that lived with them at the brick house that backs up to a bayou in gautier .
police said the dog was ok .
prentiss &apos; ex-husband , shawn o &apos;steen , said they divorced 15 years ago but remained friends and had a daughter who &apos;s now 19 .
&quot; she was completely devastated , &quot; o &apos;steen said of his daughter .
she and her mother were absolutely best friends .
o &apos;steen said he had not met lamb but heard through his daughter abigail that lamb was interested in music and played the blues .
lamb met prentiss when he and abigail both performed at a summer fair three years ago .
later , they played together in the occasional gig .
o &apos;steen said his daughter writes and sings her own music .
prentiss was a nurse who worked for various companies online .
mike shaffer , a bartender and sometimes entertainment coordinator at the julep room , a dimly lit bar near gautier , said he last saw lamb and prentiss the night of sept . 5 , after lamb had finished playing his guitar and harmonica for a sparse crowd .
there was no sign of anything amiss .
&quot; just a happy couple , &quot; he said .
we were cutting up and throwing one-liners at each other .
i mean , they both had a good sense of wit about them .
schmidt , the slain professor , directed the first-year seminar program and specialized in native american and colonial history , said don allan mitchell , an english professor at the school .
he was married and had three young children .
he studied at emporia state university in kansas and was president of his fraternity and student government .
on the delta state campus in cleveland on tuesday night , about 900 people , including faculty members , staff , students , and members of the community , attended a candlelight memorial .
schmidt &apos;s wife , liz , and brother jeff schmidt also attended the vigil , during which the university choir sang &quot; bright morning star &quot; and &quot; amazing grace . &quot;
classes resume wednesday .
&quot; we &apos;re trying to get our students to come back , &quot; laforge said .
the crisis is over .
this is a day of healing .
amy and rogelio solis reported from cleveland , mississippi .
associated press writers emily wagster pettus in greenville , mississippi , and rebecca santana in new orleans contributed to this report .
this story has been corrected to reflect that police are now saying lamb made the 911 call after shooting schmidt , and that while lamb referred to prentiss as his wife in the 911 call , there is no indication the two ever married .
toys r us plans to hire fewer holiday season workers
toys r us says it won &apos;t hire as many holiday season employees as it did last year , but the toy and baby products retailer says it will give current employees and seasonal workers a chance to work more hours .
the company said it plans to hire 40,000 people to work at stores and distribution centers around the country , down from the 45,000 hired for the 2014 holiday season .
most of the jobs will be part-time .
the company said it will start interviewing applicants this month , with staff levels rising from october through december .
while the holidays themselves are months away , holiday shopping season is drawing closer and companies are preparing to hire temporary employees to help them staff stores and sell , ship and deliver products .
michael j. fox jokes about his &apos; date &apos; with princess diana
the premiere of &quot; back to the future &quot; was a huge moment for michael j. fox professionally .
it was noteworthy because of personal reasons , too .
&quot; we were sitting in the theater waiting for the royals to come in and i realize that the seat next to me is empty , and it dawns on me that princess diana is going to be sitting next to me , &quot; he said in a trailer for an upcoming documentary , &quot; back in time . &quot;
the movie starts and it occurs to me that i &apos;m a fake yawn and an arm stretch away from being on a date with the princess of wales .
&quot; back in time , &quot; a documentary about &quot; back to the future , &quot; features interviews with fox , lea thompson , and christopher lloyd , as well as director robert zemeckis , and executive producer steven spielberg .
&quot; back for the future &quot; premiered 30 years ago .
&quot; it really is for me , &quot; said spielberg , &quot; inarguably the greatest time travel movie ever put on film . &quot;
&quot; back in time &quot; will be available on vod , dvd and in select movie theaters oct.
un chief says there is no military solution in syria
secretary-general ban ki-moon says his response to russia &apos;s stepped up military support for syria is that &quot; there is no military solution &quot; to the nearly five-year conflict and more weapons will only worsen the violence and misery for millions of people .
the u.n. chief again urged all parties , including the divided u.n. security council , to unite and support inclusive negotiations to find a political solution .
ban told a news conference wednesday that he plans to meet with foreign ministers of the five permanent council nations - the u.s. , russia , china , britain and france - on the sidelines of the general assembly &apos;s ministerial session later this month to discuss syria .
he expressed regret that divisions in the council and among the syrian people and regional powers &quot; made this situation unsolvable . &quot;
ban urged the five permanent members to show the solidarity and unity they did in achieving an iran nuclear deal in addressing the syria crisis .
8 poll numbers that show donald trump is for real
some have tried to label him a flip-flopper .
others have dismissed him as a joke .
and some are holding out for an implosion .
but no matter how some republicans are trying to drag donald trump down from atop the polls , it hasn &apos;t worked ( yet ) .
ten of the last 11 national polls have shown donald trump &apos;s lead at double digits , and some are starting to ask seriously what it means for the real estate mogul &apos;s nomination chances .
of course , it &apos;s still early in the election cycle .
none of this is to say that trump is likely to win the republican nomination .
pundits point out that at this time in 2011 , rick perry &apos;s lead was giving way to a rising herman cain , neither of whom won even one state in the nomination process .
and there are many reasons he would struggle in a general election .
but outside groups like jeb bush &apos;s super pac and the economic conservative group club for growth are recognizing trump &apos;s staying power and beginning to unload their dollars to topple him .
here are some recent poll numbers that suggest that the real estate mogul isn &apos;t just a passing phase :
trump &apos;s favorability ratings have turned 180 degrees .
right before donald trump announced his candidacy in mid-june , a monmouth university poll showed only two in 10 republicans had a positive view of the real estate mogul .
by mid-july , it was 40 percent .
in early august , it was 52 percent .
now , six in 10 republicans have a favorable view of donald trump .
roughly three in 10 say they have a negative view .
and these numbers hold up in early states .
a quinnipiac poll in iowa last week found that 60 percent of republicans there had a favorable view of trump .
two-thirds of gop voters would be happy with trump as the nominee .
in a cnn / orc poll last week , 67 percent of republicans said they would be either &quot; enthusiastic &quot; or &quot; satisfied &quot; if trump were the nominee .
only two in 10 say they would be &quot; upset &quot; if he were the nominee .
only ben carson generates roughly the same level of enthusiasm as trump ( 43 percent say they would be &quot; enthusiastic &quot; vs. 40 percent who say the same of trump ) .
the next closest in enthusiasm ?
marco rubio with only 21 percent .
on the flip side , 47 percent of republican voters say they would be &quot; dissatisfied &quot; or &quot; upset &quot; if establishment favorite jeb bush becomes the nominee .
a majority of republicans don &apos;t see trump &apos;s temperament as a problem .
while donald trump has been widely criticized for his bombast and insults , 52 percent of leaned republican voters nationwide think that the real estate mogul has the right temperament to be president , according to monday &apos;s abc news / washington post poll .
the same number holds in the first-in-the-nation caucus state of iowa , where the same 52 percent of republicans think he has the personality to be commander in chief , according to quinnipiac last week .
still , 44 percent think he doesn &apos;t have the personality to serve effectively , and almost six in 10 independents say his temperament does not belong in the white house , according to abc / post .
republican voters are getting used to the idea .
when they put on their pundit hats , republican voters think trump is for real .
when asked who is most likely to win the gop nomination , four in 10 said trump was the best bet , according to a cnn / orc poll out last week .
that &apos;s a change from when four in 10 placed their money on jeb bush in late july .
full disclosure : gop voters haven &apos;t had the clearest crystal ball in the past .
at this time last cycle , four in 10 republicans picked rick perry to win the nomination , vs. only 28 percent for eventual nominee mitt romney .
still , it shows that a plurality of gop voters see trump &apos;s campaign as plausible .
even if republicans rallied around another candidate , trump still beats almost everyone .
some pundits point out that the splintered field is likely contributing to trump &apos;s lead , while anti-trump support is be spread diffusely among more than a dozen other candidates .
but a monmouth university poll in early september shows that , in a hypothetical head-to-head matchup between trump and most other republican candidates , trump almost always garners majority support .
he leads carly fiorina by 13 points , marco rubio by 14 points , walker by 15 points , jeb bush by 19 points , and , finally , rand paul , john kasich and chris christie by 33 points each .
he &apos;s in a dead heat with ted cruz .
the only candidate who beats him ?
ben carson would lead the businessman by a wide 19 points in a hypothetical head-to-head .
a bare majority of donald trump &apos;s supporters say they &apos;ve made up their minds .
a new cbs / nyt poll out on tuesday shows that just more than half of voters who support trump say they have locked in their votes .
obviously , a lot can happen to change that , and no one can really say they would never change their mind .
46 percent said they are leaving the door open to switching candidates .
still , trump &apos;s strongest competition at the moment is from fellow outsider neurosurgeon ben carson , but voters who say they have made up their minds are twice as likely to go for trump .
six in 10 republicans say they agree with trump on immigration .
even since donald trump called immigrants from mexico &quot; rapists &quot; in his campaign announcement speech two months ago , immigration has been front and center in the 2016 conversation .
some are worried that trump &apos;s bombast will drive crucial hispanic voters away from the republican party and damage rebranding efforts .
but according to monday &apos;s new abc / post poll , six in 10 republicans say they agree with trump on immigration issues .
so as long as immigration remains in the spotlight , it seems donald trump will remain too .
frustration with government is climbing to new highs .
donald trump and ben carson now account for roughly half of the support from republican voters , largely due to their outsider status .
six in 10 republicans in monday &apos;s new abc / post poll say they want a political outsider over someone with government experience .
and they are angry at washington , too .
a des moines register / bloomberg poll in iowa from two weeks ago shows that three in four iowa republicans are frustrated with republicans in congress , with 54 percent &quot; unsatisfied &quot; and 21 percent &quot; mad as hell . &quot;
munich , sylt und co . : the five most exclusive residential areas in germany
the most expensive residential developments are located here in hobookenweg – with a view over the north sea mudflats .
on this road one square metre of a thatched house costs an average of € 73,300 .
&quot; on sylt , the number of properties on offer is naturally limited , &quot; says a study – hence the high prices .
this new study indicates the particular locations with the most expensive accommodation per square metre .
of course , € 18.70 per square metre for student digs in munich is not really low .
compared with germany &apos;s top areas , however , this price seems likes peanuts .
property service engel &amp; volkers has published a league table of the most exclusive residential areas in germany - with staggeringly high prices per square metre .
more than € 10,000 is nothing there - per quare metre , mind you .
ok , if you can &apos;t afford it ...
incidentally , for once munich is not in the lead .
champions league : bayern off to a dream start thanks to müller and götze
double goal scorer in piraeus : bayern star thomas müller is simply on a roll .
a lucky goal from thomas müller paved the way for a 3 : 0 victory for fc bayern at olypiacos piraeus - then it got better .
a confident start to the champions league season .
world champions thomas müller and mario götze brought about a dream start to their &quot; milan mission &quot; in the seething cauldron at pireaus .
trainer pep guardiola &apos;s team won their opening match in the champions league in a hot atmosphere away to the greek record holders , thanks to müller &apos;s brace ( 52nd and 90th minutes + 2 ) and götze &apos;s goal ( 89th minute ) , ending in a score of 3 : 0 ( 0 : 0 ) .
the twelfth successful start in a row should be the first step toward the final in italy on 28 may 2016 , where guardiola wants to end his third attempt by taking the trophy back to munich .
with his 28th goal in the champions league , müller took bayern into the lead with the gracious help of olymiacos goalie roberto , who let through a cross shot from the world champion .
&quot; we aren &apos;t going to underestimate them , &quot; promised bayern captain phillipp lahm before the game in the karaiskakis stadium in front of 31,688 hot-blooded fans - and the munich player kept his word .
they demonstrated a concentrated and committed performance without being showy .
piraeus had won their six most recent premiere class home games , including against prominent clubs such as manchester united , atletico madrid and juventus turin .
in 2011 borussia dortmund stumbled here too .
but bayern , undefeated in seven europa cup duels with greek teams , did not want to be the next victim .
they went to work boldly , but often too uninspired in their offensive efforts .
attacks were too often initiated by bringing left winger douglas costa , who rarely got past former brunswick player omar elabdellaoui , into play .
müller had more luck from the right when his cross shot from right field drove into the top left corner of the goal .
in the 67th minute the world champion missed the chance of taking the match to 2 : 0 .
robert lewandowski had the best opportunities in the first half .
first when olympiacos striker ideye brown hit the pole &apos;s header from the line in the 26th minute .
then with a shot which the goalie parried with his knee in the 35th minute .
although bayern is used to playing a dominant game , piraeus were able to needle them .
but they could count on goalkeeper manuel neuer .
for example when he steered a shot from ideye over the crossbar in the 56th minute .
guardiola had a four-man backfield defence deployed in front of neuer , with david alba in the centre next to jerome boateng .
mario götze , back in the squad following muscle problems , initially sat on the sidelines .
the world cup hero had only been given the green light following final training , said sporting director matthias sammer on sky : &quot; if anyone wants to make something else out of that , they are being malicious &quot; .
at the first change , guardiola decided against him , when he brought in kingsley coman for the stricken lewandowski in the 59th minute .
götze came late for arturo vidal in the 76th minute and proved himself 13 minutes later ; müller put another one in with a penalty .
before the match there was a riot in the stadium .
after a small group of bayern fans , some wearing masks , had apparently provoked supporters of hosts piraeus from behind their fence with words and gestures , security forces attacked them and used batons against the munich supporters .
at least one bayern fan was taken injured from the stadium .
smokers at a greater risk of losing teeth
smokers damage not only their lungs but also their teeth , concludes a long-term study in potsdam .
the good news is : if you give up the risk decreases fast .
smokers have a significantly increased risk of losing their teeth early .
this emerges from a long-term study by an international team of researchers , including a number of employees of the german institute for nutritional research ( dife ) in potsdam .
compared to non-smokers , the risk of losing their teeth prematurely is between 2.5 and 3.6 times higher for smokers .
the scientists monitored more than 23,300 participants .
the main reasons for tooth loss are caries and inflammation of the gums , the dife states .
smoking is a risk factor for this periodontitis , emphasise the authors .
the connection between smoking and loss of teeth can therefore be attributed to more frequent gum inflammation in smokers .
it has not been clarified to what extent smoking raises the risk of caries .
people who stop smoking could reduce their risk within a short time , the researchers write in the &quot; journal of dental research &quot; .
it could however take 10 years before the danger once more drops to the level of non-smokers &apos; , declared lead author thomas dietrich of the university of birmingham in england .
people should be persuaded to become non-smokers , declared study leader heiner boeing of dife : &quot; smoking shortens the lifespan &quot; .
not smoking is good for the lungs and vessels and in our experience leads to good dental health to an advanced age .
in germany over 20 percent of the population in the 65 to 74 age group are affected by toothlessness , according to the dife .
earlier studies had already indicated that smoking increases the risk of early tooth loss .
the new long term study substantiates these findings .
archaeologists discover ancient remains on the banks of the rhine at cologne
archaeological finds have again been made on the right bank of the rhine in cologne .
archaeologists from the roman germanic museum have unearthed skeletons and remains of historical buildings near the site where the new rhine boulevard is being constructed , said museum director marcus trier on tuesday .
historians have been in search of so-called architectural monuments since the start of construction work on the rhine .
the museum , as the department for archaeological monument conservation , is always consulted when construction projects are carried out in the city district of cologne .
the archaeologists made a find in the third construction phase of the rhein boulevard .
it is already known from text documents that a fortress stood on this spot in the 4th century , and in the 8th century a church , explained trier .
besides the remains of the fortress and the church tower , a cemetery with around 350 graves , which probably belonged to the church , has also been discovered .
young woman hit by goods train
after a young woman met with an accident at the station in geilenkirchen-lindern , police are asking for help from the general public .
early on wednesday morning , at about 1 : 40 a.m. , the young woman crossed the tracks at the end of the platform coming from the direction of the station building and was hit by a goods train coming from the direction of mönchengladbach .
according to the federal police she suffered severe injuries from the accident .
she was treated at the site by an emergency doctor and taken to hospital by ambulance .
investigating officers have no idea why the young woman was crossing the tracks at night .
it is possible that the event was observed by witnesses or residents may have heard something .
this may apply to residents of or people passing by the lindern station , ziegelbäckerweg , thomashofstrasse and leiffarther strasse ( l364 ) .
any information that can be provided about the cause of the accident can be given by calling the free 24-hour police hotline on 0800 / 688 8000 or at any police station .
eu commission proposes new court in controversy over ttip
to defuse the controversy over the planned transatlantic trade and investment partnership , ttip , the eu commission has proposed a substantial reform of the current arbitration system .
according to this , the disputed private arbitration board for conflicts between corporations and countries would be replaced by a transparent system which corresponds considerably more in its function to traditional courts .
&quot; we want to set up a system which citizens trust , &quot; stated the responsible eu commissioner , cecilia malström , when introducing it .
the swede plans to introduce the proposal as the european negotiating position in the free trade talks with the usa .
the german government has announced its support .
the creation of ttip will result in the largest free trade zone in the world , covering 800 million people .
plans for reform of the current arbitration procedure specifically provide for the eu states and the usa to jointly select independent judges for a new investment court .
they should come in equal proportions from the eu , the usa and from non-member countries .
for the first time , a second instance is also provided for .
this would allow for appeals to be made against judgements .
up to now , the parties to proceedings have agreed on the arbitrator among themselves and there has been no possibility of appeal against their judgements .
in the discussions over the past months it has become clear that citizens do not trust the old isds system to be fair and just , commented malström .
in the long term , according to her statement , she wants to aim at an international investment court .
in this , for example , disputes between chinese companies and eu countries could be cleared up .
investor state dispute settlement ( isds ) , which is required particularly by large companies , is said to be one of the main reasons for the stiff opposition to the ttip in europe .
traditional arbitration courts are criticised by adversaries as a form of parallel justice through which companies are able to fight for compensation at the expense of tax payers , make national laws null and void , or enforce a lowering of consumer and environmental protection standards .
in initial reactions , anti ttip organisations such as capact called the eu commission &apos;s proposals inadequate .
there was criticism in particular that they would not apply to the already negotiated free trade agreement with canada ( ceta ) .
the german secretary of state for the economy , matthias machnig ( spd ) , on the other hand , referred to the plans as major progress .
the commission included in the reforms key points which federal economics minister sigmar gabriel developed with other eu trade ministers .
the old system of private arbitration courts is off the table .
the french government , too , welcomed malström &apos;s plans .
the european business association businesseurope warned against restricting the options for industry to take legal action with too many new rules .
small and medium sized enterprises in particular could be disadvantaged , they said .
when talks over the ttip free trade agreement can be concluded was still unclear on wednesday .
negotiations have been taking place since the middle of 2013 .
the issue of investor protection , however , has to date not been discussed with the usa .
it was originally planned for a structure for the agreement to be completed by the end of this year .
this date is no longer tenable .
exquisite folk from sufjan stevens in hamburg
eleven years ago , sufjan stevens sits on the stage in the prime club ( now luxor ) in cologne .
beside him stands a flip chart on which the shy-seeming folk singer has drawn the picturesque us state of michigan in felt-tip pen .
the entire audience , some 40 people , is virtually mesmerised by stevens &apos;s performance .
referring to different places , which each time he marks on the map , he talks about the stories behind his meticulously and subtly contrived songs .
where they originated , and what it looks like , in his home country .
since then stevens has proved himself to be a wonderfully creative nutcase .
his third album , &quot; greetings from michigan : the great lake state &quot; , released in 2003 , features cleverly composed songs which cling harmonically to the traditions of american folk rock of the late sixties , but which might drift at any time into amazing opulence .
rumour has it that &quot; michigan &quot; was the first part of a bold series : it was to have been followed by songs about each of the 50 united states .
but in 2004 in the rhine area , &quot; seven swans &quot; came out , bursting positive expectations .
stevens seems to have downsized here .
playing live he only needs a guitar and banjo .
one year later the new york-based musician returns to his series .
with &quot; illinois &quot; ( &quot; sufjan stevens invites you to : come on feel the illinoise &quot; ) in 2005 , a widely acclaimed masterpiece is released .
exuberant with ideas and stylistic sophistication .
the album climbs the american billboard charts and appears in every best album of the year list in the influential music press .
after extremely productive experiments stevens then serves up &quot; the age of adz &quot; ( 2010 ) , an elaborate electronic set piece .
this sixth proper studio album is still broadly orchestrated , but supported by programmed sequences or beats and plays with a variety of effects and echoes .
long since moved on from the smaller clubs , the stage shows here are becoming colourful spectacles with neon headbands and huge fluorescent stage decorations .
currently sufjan stevens is touring germany as part of a five-man band .
hamburg mehr kept in the dark !
since march the theatre has primarily presented &quot; carrie and lowell &quot; .
although an audience of almost 2000 sit spellbound in their seats , the clearly more mature stevens returns to intimacy and to folk .
without directing a word at the public the group of excellent musicians plays through the widely enriched album .
from the audience one can hear : the performance is more &quot; opulent &quot; and it makes you want to &quot; chuck away the album &quot; .
only with his encore does stevens give his modest thanks , play a few of his older songs acoustically and finally take a bow to thunderous applause .
jeremy corbyn to make debut at prime minister &apos;s questions
since his election , mr corbyn &apos;s debut at pmqs has been keenly awaited
new labour leader jeremy corbyn is to make his debut at prime minister &apos;s questions later , taking on david cameron for the first time .
mr corbyn will rise to ask the first of his six allotted questions shortly after midday , with his performance likely to be closely scrutinised by the media and labour mps .
he has called for &quot; less theatre and more facts &quot; at the weekly showpiece .
he has also said he could skip some sessions , leaving them to colleagues .
the encounter will be the first parliamentary test of mr corbyn &apos;s leadership , coming after his appointment of a shadow cabinet and his speech to the tuc annual congress on tuesday .
meanwhile , the labour leader &apos;s decision to stand in silence during the singing of the national anthem at a service on tuesday to mark the 75th anniversary of the battle of britain has attracted criticism from a number of tory mps and is the focus of several front page stories in the newspapers .
mr corbyn &apos;s decision not to sing the national anthem has attracted attention
a spokesman for mr corbyn said he had &quot; stood in respectful silence &quot; and did recognise the &quot; heroism of the royal air force in the battle of britain . &quot;
but a member of mr corbyn &apos;s shadow cabinet , owen smith , told bbc two &apos;s newsnight programme he would have advised the labour leader to sing the national anthem &quot; irrespective &quot; of his belief that the monarchy should be abolished .
nearly a dozen shadow ministers have refused to serve in mr corbyn &apos;s top team , citing differences over the economy , defence and foreign affairs , while less than a sixth of the parliamentary party originally backed him as leader .
bbc political correspondent robin brant says policy differences are also &quot; stacking up &quot; within labour following mr corbyn &apos;s appointment over its position on the european union and the government &apos;s cap on benefits .
mr corbyn told the tuc conference labour was putting forward amendments to remove the whole idea of a cap altogether .
hours later mr smith , the shadow work and pensions secretary , said the party was &quot; very clear &quot; that it was only opposing government plans to reduce the level of cap from £ 26,000 to £ 23,000 .
mr corbyn will be the fifth labour leader that david cameron has faced across the despatch box over the past decade since he became tory leader .
the labour leader , who has promised a different approach to politics , says he has &quot; crowd sourced &quot; ideas for questions to ask mr cameron and has been given more than 30,000 suggestions .
the islington north mp has said pmqs is too confrontational and that he will refrain from both &quot; repartee &quot; and trading barbs , instead vowing to focus on serious issues such as poverty , inequality and the challenges facing young people .
mr corbyn has said that angela eagle , the shadow business secretary , will deputise for him at pmqs when he does not attend - for instance when mr cameron is travelling abroad .
he has also floated the idea of allowing other colleagues to take the floor on occasion , saying he had approached the commons speaker john bercow to discuss the issue .
when he became leader in 2005 , mr cameron said he wanted to move away from the &quot; punch and judy &quot; style of politics often associated with pmqs but admitted some years later that he had failed .
since it was first televised in 1990 , pmqs has been seen as a key barometer of a leader &apos;s judgement , their command of the commons and their standing among their fellow mps although critics have argued it has become a caricature and is in need of far-reaching reforms .
&apos;shot in joburg &apos; : homeless youth trained as photographers
downtown johannesburg is a tough place to be homeless .
but one group of former street children have found a way to learn a skill and make a living .
&quot; i was shot in joburg &quot; is a non-profit studio that teaches homeless youngsters how to take photographs of their neighbourhood and make a profit from it .
bbc news went to meet one of the project &apos;s first graduates .
how to share your stories , pictures and videos with bbc news
every day bbc news - on tv , on radio and online - brings you the latest stories from across the globe ... but what we want to hear are the issues that matter to you .
the part you play in making the news is very important .
whether it is breaking news or a featured item , your contribution can make a difference .
have you seen or been involved in a news event ?
is something significant , bizarre or unusual happening where you live ?
have you got a story to tell or is there something you think we should follow up ?
are there topics you want to get the world talking about ?
what do you want to comment on ?
or do you want to find out what others are talking about ?
terms and conditions for sending contributions to the bbc .
here are the different ways to send in your contributions :
contact us on twitter
we may use your tweets displaying your twitter username on bbc output .
message us on whatsapp
send us a picture , video or message to our whatsapp number + 44 7525 900971
in some cases your text , as well as your images , may be used on bbc output .
we will publish your name as you provide it ( unless you ask us not to ) but we will never publish your mobile phone number .
you can send us your pictures and videos or an sms to 61124 .
or if you are outside the uk , send them to the international number + 44 7624 800 100 .
you can download the bbc news app on ios or android devices and send us images or contributions using the buttons in the app .
email your stories and comments to haveyoursay @ bbc.co.uk
we aim to read all of your emails but due to the numbers we receive each day it is not always possible to reply to everyone individually .
email your pictures , video or audio to us at yourpics @ bbc.co.uk
if we use your material on bbc programmes or online we will publish your name as you provide it ( unless you ask us not to ) but we will never publish your email address .
you can also upload your video or pictures .
we will publish your name as you provide it , unless you ask us not to .
pound rises as uk wage growth accelerates
the pound jumped following data showing a pick-up in uk wage growth , while the ftse 100 was led higher by bid target sabmiller .
between may and july , uk earnings excluding bonuses grew 2.9 % compared with the same period last year .
the rate was the fastest since 2009 , and was seen as bringing forward estimates of when rates might rise .
sterling rose more than 1 % against the dollar to $ 1.5505 and was up 0.84 % against the euro at € 1.3730 .
the ftse 100 index closed up 1.49 % to 6,229.21 .
sabmiller was the stand-out stock on the market , jumping 20 % after it received a bid approach from rival ab inbev .
a deal would combine the world &apos;s two largest brewers , bringing together brands such as budweiser , stella artois , peroni and grolsch .
burberry shares were 0.9 % higher following encouraging news from rival luxury goods group richemont .
richemont &apos;s latest sales figures beat expectations and also showed that sales in china - a key market for burberry - had begun to grow again .
shares in glencore rose 5 % after the mining giant said it had raised $ 2.5bn through a share placement as part of its debt-cutting strategy .
shares in packaging and paper group mondi were the biggest fallers on the index , down 4.3 % , after goldman sachs cut its rating on the firm to &quot; sell . &quot;
jd sports rose 3.1 % after the sportswear firm reported an 83 % jump in half-year pre-tax profits to £ 46.6m.
jd sports boss says higher wages could hurt expansion
jd sports executive chairman peter cowgill says a higher minimum wage for uk workers could mean &quot; more spending power in the pockets of potential consumers . &quot;
but that spending power is unlikely to outweigh the higher labour costs at his firm , he says .
the costs could hit jd sports &apos; expansion plans , he added , which could mean fewer extra jobs .
justin bieber in the capital city : on a bieber expedition in berlin
justin bieber , megastar .
a ridiculous 21 years young , a wimpy kid with a too trendy haircut .
the guy with the platinum blond hair is worth a hundred million euros .
probably even more .
at the moment monsieur bieber is in berlin .
and the under-17 generation is going berserk .
like wiktoria rudzinska .
the 15-year-old has never heard the name ritz carlton .
not so bad .
hundreds of fans accompanied justin yesterday .
including eva and viktoria from poland .
but the poles have been sitting on the cold stone slab in front of the luxury berlin hotel on the potsdamer platz since 7 o &apos;clock in the morning .
the bieber building : their idol , whose face appears on huge numbers of posters in szczecin , has been staying here since monday evening .
the suite where the canadian singer is staying costs as much for one night as her mother ewa earns in six months .
at least .
she says : &quot; my viktoria should really be sitting in the 10th class in the grammar school at the moment . &quot;
&quot; i &apos;m fulfilling her dream for her . &quot;
compulsory education ?
who wants that ?
not the fans .
nor bieber himself .
he is financially secure anyway .
he is earning three million for advertising in the commercial break at the super bowl , a two-year deal with an anti-spot company pours many many dollars into bieber &apos;s account .
and for every doll that looks like him and passes over the counter bieber cashes in as well .
when justin bieber drinks coffee people goggle through the window .
he has looted more than a hundred million like that .
some say the hype goes too far .
others point out that after all bieber is charting in both the usa and great britain with his new single &quot; what do you mean ? &quot; at number one .
bieber himself , whose new album is due out in november , is not interested in all those zeros .
at least that &apos;s what he says .
pegida poster suggests the idea of potato doner kebabs to lebanese man
potatoes or doner kebab ?
you can have both – in the potato kebab that oldenburg snack bar owner hani alhay has created .
inspired by the slogan &quot; potatoes instead of kebabs &quot; on a pegida movement poster , alhay put potatoes and meat together on a skewer .
a poster at a pegida demonstration with the slogan &quot; potatoes instead of kebabs &quot; which he happened to see on television gave him the idea .
since then a spit laden with meat and potatoes has been rotating in his shop .
&quot; that is multi-cultural food ! &quot; says alhay .
now he has registered his idea at the patent office in munich .
according to officials there it is now protected as a registered design .
because of this , alhay does not want to reveal how much meat and how many potatoes the spit holds .
just enough so that , &quot; they taste much better together , &quot; he reckons .
customers also appreciate this international culinary understanding .
metcash launches grassroots campaign to fight aldi incursion
metcash is trying to protect its iga stores from an aldi onslaught in south australia and western australia .
grocery wholesaler metcash has kicked off a grassroots campaign to defend the market share of iga retailers in south australia and western australia ahead of a $ 700 million aldi invasion .
as aldi prepares to open two distribution centres and the first of as many as 120 stores in south australia and western australia early next year , metcash and iga supermarkets are strengthening relationships with local food suppliers and building the iga brand through mainstream and social media marketing and events such as the adelaide show .
iga retailers and suppliers are jumping on board , with brands such as dunsborough-based ice cream maker simmo &apos;s offering taste testing at iga stores and store owners selling discounted south australian football league tickets to loyal customers .
metcash is expected to reveal more details of its defence strategy on september 29 , when the food , liquor and hardware wholesaler hosts its annual investor strategy day .
there is much at stake , as south australia and western australia account for almost 30 per cent of metcash &apos;s iga store footprint and generate higher profit margins than metcash &apos;s iga network in the eastern states .
south australian and western australian shoppers are notoriously parochial and iga retailers enjoy a much stronger market share than they do in nsw , victoria and queensland - more than 30 per cent in sa and 24 per cent in wa compared with around 14 per cent in the eastern states .
however , analysts such as morgan stanley believe aldi will snare around 5 per cent of the grocery market in these two states within 12 months of opening its first stores , taking sales from all existing players but mainly from independent retailers .
in a report this week , morgan stanley analyst tom kierath estimated that iga retailers could lose $ 360 million a year in sales and metcash $ 250 million by the end of 2016 .
this forecast is based on the assumption that aldi opens 25 stores in sa and 30 in wa next year , generating sales of $ 500 million and $ 600 million in each market .
the loss of food and grocery sales and volumes on metcash &apos;s high fixed-cost base could cost metcash around $ 13 million in earnings before interest and tax , mr kierath said .
at the same time , metcash is losing market share in the eastern states , mainly to aldi and coles , even though a recent roy morgan survey found iga shoppers were most loyal .
morgan stanley believes metcash &apos;s food and grocery sales will fall 3.8 per cent in 2016 , 4.1 per cent in 2017 and 2.1 per cent in 2018 , reducing its market share from 14 per cent in 2015 to 10.3 per cent by 2020 .
last week , leading fund manager hamish douglass , the founder of magellan financial group , told a business lunch in melbourne that metcash could &quot; highly , probably disappear within a decade .
metcash has declined to respond publicly to mr douglass &apos; comments .
but it is understood that a metcash board member contacted mr douglass last week .
iga &apos;s market share has fallen from 18 per cent to 14 per cent since 2010 and earnings from metcash &apos;s food and grocery business , which supplies about 1200 iga retailers , have fallen 43 per cent since 2012 , reflecting operating deleverage as sales and margins come under pressure .
however , the wholesaler is fighting back , investing more than $ 150 million a year matching shelf prices at coles and woolworths on hundreds of products each week , helping iga retailers refurbish stores by adding faster-growing fresh food , and rolling out a better range of private label groceries .
metcash chief executive ian morrice says the price matching and store refurbishment programs are gaining traction and is hoping the wholesaler will return to underlying profit growth in 2017 , for the first time in four years .
thanasi kokkinakis backed by tennis australia president steve healy
thanasi kokkinakis deserves kudos rather than criticism for his behaviour .
thanasi kokkinakis has been the collateral damage in the recent storm around his friend nick kyrgios and deserves kudos rather than criticism for his own behaviour , according to tennis australia president steve healy .
kokkinakis , the younger of the talented duo regularly referred to as the &quot; special ks , &quot; was dragged into an unwelcome spotlight by the infamous kyrgios sledge of stan wawrinka at the montreal masters .
in a fiery qualifying match in cincinnati soon after , kokkinakis and his opponent ryan harrison twice had to be separated by the chair umpire , with harrison declaring : &quot; wawrinka should &apos;ve decked kyrgios , and i should deck that kid . &quot;
while he was last seen smashing a racquet after cramp foiled a potential us open upset of richard gasquet , kokkinakis has been defended staunchly by healy .
the teenager is currently in glasgow , competing with sam groth for the second singles berth behind bernard tomic in the davis cup semi-final against britain .
&quot; one thing i do feel quite keenly about is i think thanasi &apos;s been dragged into the fray a little bit , &quot; healy said .
he did break a racquet when he lost when he cramped in the us , but he &apos;s not the first player to break a racquet out of frustration with himself , and i know thanasi well enough to know he wouldn &apos;t be proud of that .
but , really , he &apos;s handled himself extremely well , in pretty provocative circumstances in the us with harrison and so on , and i think he deserves a lot of credit .
he &apos;s a great team around him , he &apos;s got a great family around him and i just think he &apos;s been a little hard done by .
he &apos;s a very mature 19-year-old , he works very hard , and he fits in with the team and so on , he hasn &apos;t ever had an issue with the other players , he &apos;s well respected in the locker room , he trains hard , he &apos;s in great shape , he &apos;s a very stable and mature young guy and i just think he deserves to be judged on his own merits .
healy also backed the decision to overlook kyrgios for the important tie , starting on friday , describing the &quot; mutual decision &quot; as the right thing for all , but backing the canberran to return as a long-term fixture in the team .
&quot; first of all we want the team to be completely focused on the tie and not all the controversy around &#91; kyrgios &#93; , &quot; healy said .
and i think nick , he &apos;s risen very quickly , as people like federer and murray have pointed out , he &apos;s growing up in the public eye and he &apos;s made some terrible errors and deserves all the criticism he gets , but we &apos;re trying to support him , we &apos;re trying to help him understand the consequences of his actions , and some time out of the limelight where he can just reflect on that i think is appropriate and it &apos;s best for the team and it &apos;s best for him .
europe migrant crisis : hungary declares emergency , seals border , detains migrants
declaring a state of emergency , hungary sealed off its southern border with serbia on tuesday and detained those trying to enter illegally , aiming to shut down the flow of migrants pouring in .
chaos ensued at the border , as hundreds of migrants piled up in a no man &apos;s land , and serbian officials reacted with outrage .
stuck for an unknown amount of time on a strip of road between the two countries &apos; checkpoints , those fleeing violence in their homelands pitched tents and settled in .
but frustrations were on the rise .
as a police helicopter hovered above , migrants chanted &quot; open the border ! &quot; and shouted insults at hungarian riot police .
some refused food and water in protest .
serbia &apos;s foreign minister declared it was &quot; unacceptable &quot; that migrants were being sent back from hungary while more and more were arriving from macedonia and greece .
( serbia ) wants to be part of the solution , not collateral damage .
there will have to be talks in the coming days with brussels and other countries , &quot; ivica dacic said in prague .
the turmoil at the hungarian-serbian border came a day after the 28-nation bloc failed to come up with a united immigration policy at a contentious meeting in brussels .
the ministers did agree to share responsibility for 40,000 people seeking refuge in overwhelmed italy and greece and spoke hopefully of reaching an eventual deal - next month or by the end of the year - on which eu nations would take 120,000 more refugees , including some from hungary .
german chancellor angela merkel and austria called tuesday for a special european union summit next week to discuss the continent &apos;s immigration crisis .
hungary , however , was not pinning its hopes on any action soon from brussels or its neighbors .
tuesday &apos;s state of emergency in two southern regions gave authorities greater powers to deal with the crisis , allowing them to shut down roads and speed up asylum court cases .
meanwhile , hungarian foreign minister peter szijjarto said his country is also planning to build a razor-wire fence along part of its border with romania to stop the flow of migrants through the country , now that it has finished a fence on the serbian border .
cbs news correspondent charlie d &apos;agata reported that even prison inmates were enlisted in the race to finish the razor wire fence between hungary and serbia .
in the last few months , hungary has become a major bottleneck and entry point into the european union for migrants , many of them war refugees from syria and elsewhere in the middle east .
prime minister viktor orban , however , has insisted that most arriving are economic migrants seeking a better life , not war refugees entitled to protection - a view sharply at odds with other eu nations , including germany .
the new laws that took effect at midnight in hungary now make it a crime to cross or damage a 4-meter ( 13-foot ) razor-wire fence the government has built along the southern border with serbia and also includes longer prison terms for convicted human traffickers .
&quot; due to the situation caused by mass migration , the hungarian government declares a state of crisis , &quot; government spokesman zoltan kovacs told reporters in the southern city of szeged .
we are very clear on this : illegal border crossing is a crime .
technically , parliament must still approve the deployment of the military , expected next week , but associated press reporters at the border have seen heavily armed military personnel with vehicles and dogs for days .
gyorgy bakondi , homeland security adviser to orban , said authorities caught 45 people trying to cross at the border and 15 deeper in the country .
they got across by damaging the fence , are now in police custody and are being charged with committing offenses under the new laws .
authorities are quickly repairing the fence .
hungarian officials also closed two of seven border crossings with serbia on tuesday morning after deploying a train car covered with razor wire to close one of them .
chaos enveloped the main border crossing near roszke , hungary , as the hungarians opened a tiny office in a metal container to process people and crowds pressed to squeeze inside .
about 20 managed to get in , but thousands remained outside .
another group of migrants blocked the main highway connecting serbia and hungary , saying they were refusing food and water until they are allowed to cross into hungary .
election 2016 : hillary clinton &apos;s lead over bernie sanders cut by half in national poll
former secretary of state hillary clinton continues to hold a double-digit lead in the democratic race for the nomination nationally , but sen. bernie sanders is gaining on her .
clinton now has the backing of 47 percent of democratic primary voters ( down from 58 percent ) , while sanders comes in second , with 27 percent ( up from 17 percent ) .
vice president joe biden , who has yet to announce whether he is running for president , receives support from 15 percent of democratic primary voters .
more than five months before the start of the primary contests , most democratic voters say it is too early to say that their minds are made up about which candidate they will support .
but clinton &apos;s backers are more firm in their choice than those backing other candidates .
since last month &apos;s cbs news poll , clinton has lost ground among a number of demographic groups , while sanders has made some gains .
clinton maintains a large lead among women and moderates , but those leads have narrowed .
her support among men has dropped considerably and sanders only trails her by 5 points .
clinton &apos;s advantage with democratic voters under age 50 has evaporated , and she and sanders are now even .
however , clinton still has a large lead with older voters .
last month , clinton was ahead of sanders by double-digits among liberals , but sanders now has a 5-point edge with this group .
about half of democratic primary voters nationwide say they would enthusiastically support clinton if she became the party &apos;s nominee .
a quarter would support her with some reservations and another 15 percent would only back her because she is the nominee .
six percent would not support her .
perhaps not surprisingly , clinton &apos;s current supporters are especially likely to be enthusiastic about her .
views are more mixed among those not currently backing clinton - only about a quarter would enthusiastically support her .
while 48 percent of democratic primary voters say they would enthusiastically back clinton , fewer republican voters say that about their frontrunner , donald trump ( 35 percent ) .
when clinton &apos;s supporters are asked in an open-ended question why they want her to be the nominee , the top answer is that she has the right experience ( 16 percent ) , followed by it &apos;s time for a woman president ( 13 percent ) , and that she is the best candidate for the job ( 10 percent ) .
also mentioned by clinton supporters is her association with bill clinton ( 9 percent ) .
agreement on the issues , and electability are also cited .
as the vice president weighs a potential run for president , 57 percent of democratic primary voters would like to see him jump in the race - although a third don &apos;t think he should .
when democratic primary voters are asked who would be their second choice for the party &apos;s nomination , biden is the top pick .
among clinton supporters , more than half say biden would be their second choice , far ahead of sanders .
if biden chooses not to run for the democratic nomination , hillary clinton &apos;s lead over sanders widens , from 20 points with biden in the race to 30 points without him in the running .
fifty-five percent of democratic voters see clinton as the candidate with the best chance of winning the general election ; however that figure is down from 78 percent last month .
biden is a distant second on this measure , but the percentage that sees him as the most electable has risen .
still , when asked which is more important in a nominee , democratic voters pick issues over electability .
similar to last month , no single democratic candidate or potential candidate stands out as unacceptable as the nominee to these primary voters .
the democratic candidates , or potential candidates , perform well on some key characteristics among their party &apos;s primary voters .
majorities see clinton , sanders and biden as honest and trustworthy and as having strong leadership qualities .
biden does the best of the three on honesty , while clinton &apos;s strength is leadership .
thirty percent of democratic primary voters don &apos;t think clinton is honest and trustworthy , twice as many as say that about sanders ( 15 percent ) , but 27 percent don &apos;t have an opinion of him on this .
democratic primary voters also generally see clinton , sanders and biden as in line with their views ideologically .
on all of these measures , about a quarter of democratic voters do not have an opinion of sanders .
as questions continue about hillary clinton &apos;s use of a personal email address and server while secretary of state , most democratic primary voters are satisfied with her explanation of the matter and say it hasn &apos;t impacted their overall views of her .
but it &apos;s a different story among the american public overall .
half of americans are now dissatisfied with her explanation , while just about a third are satisfied .
the public &apos;s views on this were split back in march , shortly after the issue came to light .
most americans say the email controversy has had no effect on their overall opinions of clinton , although 36 percent say their opinion of her has grown worse .
it is mainly republicans , more than six in 10 , who say their views of clinton have become worse .
even though clinton is viewed as honest and trustworthy by her party &apos;s voters , this continues to be a problem for her among registered voters overall : only 32 percent see her as honest and trustworthy , down eight points from last month , and 15 points since may .
sixty-two percent of registered voters don &apos;t think of her as honest and trustworthy .
at the same time , 55 percent of registered voters nationwide don &apos;t see trump as honest and trustworthy either .
both clinton and trump , however , get good marks on leadership .
of the six candidates tested , biden , carson and bush do the best on honesty .
more see sanders as honest than not , but like carson , many don &apos;t have an opinion of him .
the margin of error for the sample of 351 democratic primary voters is 6 percentage points .
ben carson draws close behind donald trump in national poll
ben carson is running close behind donald trump in the newest cbs news / new york times poll
the two candidates account for half the support of voters in the new poll , leaving others scrounging for a foothold
republican voters nationwide continue to back trump in large numbers , climbing from 23 % support in the last cbs poll , conducted before the fox news debate last month , to 27 % in the poll out tuesday .
but carson rocketed in that same period from 6 % to 23 % .
the survey also found carson doing well across demographic groups , edging out trump among college-educated republican voters .
the rest of the field , with the exception of carly fiorina and ohio gov. john kasich , has slipped behind with wisconsin gov. scott walker falling farthest from 10 % support last month to 2 % now .
former florida gov. jeb bush , former arkansas gov. mike huckabee and florida sen. marco rubio all tied for third place with 6 % .
the margin of error for the 376-person sample of republican voters in this newest poll is plus-or-minus 6 % , and was conducted sept .
the latest cnn / orc survey , released last week , showed carson rising in the polls -- landing at 19 % support among republicans , behind trump &apos;s 32 % support .
the latest poll from abc news / washington post also showed trump significantly ahead of carson .
facing a rising carson last week , trump took some potshots at the retired neurosurgeon , even as carson apologized for questioning trump &apos;s faith .
&quot; we need energy , &quot; trump said last saturday during a campaign stop in iowa .
pleasant temperatures for bathing : the eastern mediterranean is currently as warm as 29 degrees
even if peak levels are only measured in the distance , a trip to the mediterranean is enough for beach lovers to find warm water .
a dip in the north sea or the baltic sea can only be a brief treat with temperatures at a maximum of 17 degrees .
many people no longer go into the sea : the water in the north sea and the baltic this week is a maximum of 18 degrees , according to the german meteorological office ( dwd ) .
the mediterranean , by contrast , offers suitable temperatures for bathing : in the east they are as high as 29 degrees .
in the adriatic peak temperatures are 25 degrees , and in france 23 degrees .
the red sea in egypt is 28 degrees .
five fraternity members charged in death of baruch college freshman
nearly two years after a college student died during a fraternity hazing ritual in pennsylvania &apos;s pocono mountains , murder charges have been filed against five people .
members of new york city &apos;s baruch college pi delta psi fraternity brutally assaulted chun &quot; michael &quot; deng during an initiation rite in september 2013 and delayed taking him to the hospital , contributing to his death , police said .
officials said he was blindfolded , saddled with a 30-pound backpack full of sand , and repeatedly tackled while he tried to walk toward a target across a frozen field .
mr. deng eventually complained that his head hurt then fell unconscious .
pi delta psi fraternity members did not call 911 after deng passed out , and allegedly waited an hour before bringing him to a hospital , police say .
they did , however , find time to change deng &apos;s clothes , google his symptoms , and contact andy meng , the fraternity &apos;s national president to seek advice , police chief chris wagner said at a news conference .
&quot; at this point , members began to hide paraphernalia and basically put the fraternity &apos;s well-being over that of michael deng &apos;s , &quot; chief wagner said .
he could not be revived and he died the next morning .
according to an autopsy report , deng was subjected to repeated blunt force trauma to his head , torso , and thighs .
&quot; too many families have been devastated as a result of fraternity hazing , with at least one student dying every year from hazing since 1970 , &quot; douglas fierberg , an attorney representing deng &apos;s family , said in a statement .
fraternities and their members must be held accountable , and this step by authorities is an important one .
a monroe county grand jury recommended third-degree murder charges for the first five members .
thirty-two other fraternity members , including mr. meng , will also be charged with assault hazing and criminal conspiracy .
&quot; we want to hold not only the individuals involved , but if there &apos;s an organization that sanctioned it , whether officially or unofficially , we &apos;re going to hold them accountable as well , &quot; wagner said at a news conference tuesday .
baruch college banned the fraternity and the national fraternity revoked its affiliation with the local chapter .
here &apos;s what will happen when the fed raises interest rates
a rate hike will come and the bull market will stumble , bond yields will climb and the economy will slip into a recession .
this we know .
what we don &apos;t know is how long all of that will take and how long it will last .
for the economy specifically , history offers little guide about timing .
a recession has come as quickly as 11 months after the first rate hike and as long as 86 months .
the federal reserve &apos;s aggressiveness in raising rates is often , though not always , a determinant in how the economy and financial assets respond .
that &apos;s why officials at the u.s. central bank have stressed so vigorously that investors should not be focused on when it starts raising rates but rather the trajectory of how long it will take to normalize .
there are , indeed , multiple variables at play .
in the end , however , market participants may find that all the rate-hike fuss may have been overdone .
&quot; the first hike from the fed since the global financial crisis will inevitably be interpreted by some as signaling the end of the era of &apos; cheap money , &apos; &quot; julian jessop , chief global economist at capital economics , said in a note to clients .
in contrast , we do not expect the gradual return of u.s. interest rates to more normal but still low levels to be the seismic shock that many seem to fear .
that &apos;s not to say there won &apos;t be effects , however .
here &apos;s a look at how some areas of the economy could react , based on historical trends :
as the market has seen over the past month or so , anticipation of rate hikes can make things volatile for a while .
once the hike hits , though , the impact is not as dramatic .
&quot; it does seem there is a trend for equity returns to stall 12-24 months after the first hike , which again perhaps reflects the lag in monetary policy , &quot; deutsche bank analysts said in a recent study of what happens after the fed hikes .
more specifically , the market over the past 35 years or so is most often up sharply - about 14 percent - heading into the rate hike , fairly flat in the 250 days after ( average gain of 2.6 percent ) then back to normal once 500 days have passed , with average return in the past six cycles of 14.4 percent , according to a recent analysis bob doll , chief equity strategist at nuveen asset management , posted on barron &apos;s .
deutsche said the impact on stocks tends to get more pronounced later in the rate-hiking cycle and returns begin to diminish .
recessions are a fact of economic life , but rate hikes often help them along .
in the current case , the fed is facing some conditions that did not exist before and could hasten a recession .
most notably , gross domestic product will be near its lowest point ever for a fed rate hike .
according to deutsche bank , in the 118 rate hikes since 1950 , only twice has nominal year over year gdp been below 4.5 percent .
even though the second quarter of 2015 was at 3.6 percent , few expect that to last , with the third quarter tracking at just 1.5 percent , according to the atlanta fed .
hiking rates into such a fragile economic backdrop could be risky and set up the question of &quot; whether this time is different , &quot; deutsche said .
market participants have been bracing for a fed hike all year , with all eyes turned toward this week &apos;s federal open market committee meeting , which ends thursday .
while many strategists and economists believe the fomc could approve a hike at this meeting , futures trading indicates just a 25 percent probability .
&quot; in our study since 1950 , all hiking cycles to date have been in a super cycle of increasing leverage with gdp eclipsing prerecession peaks very quickly post the recovery commencing , &quot; the report said .
by contrast this has been a uniquely slow recovery from what was the worst recession in the sample period .
the current cycle is by far the longest the fed has waited since the end of the last recession ; the record had been 35 months , and this is 74 months and counting .
fixed income also has been volatile as the market anticipates a rate hike , and the pattern is somewhat similar to what equities experience .
the principal difference is that the impact happens faster in bonds than stocks when the fed changes course in policy .
for bonds , it does seem yields change direction immediately as the first hike / cut in the cycle arrives .
at the end of the hiking cycle bond yields fall immediately , &quot; deutsche said .
charles schwab strategists believe the hike in rates will cause yields between longer- and shorter-dated bonds to move closer together , flattening the curve .
high-yield bonds often perform better in such a climate , though &quot; we are still cautious about stretching for yield , &quot; kathy jones , fixed income analyst at schwab , said in an analysis .
interestingly , jones thinks markets already have adapted to fed policy expectations .
&quot; in addition to the strength in the dollar and the drop in inflation expectations , there are several signs that the market has adjusted to the prospect of tighter monetary policy , &quot; she wrote .
short-term interest rates are up , the yield curve is flatter , credit spreads have widened and volatility has increased - all characteristics of the market when the fed tightens policy .
broadly speaking , companies that do the majority of their business in the u.s. will win as interest rates rise and local products become more attractive .
multinationals with lots of debt will fare worse , as a rising dollar makes their products more expensive in the global market space and their debt more expensive the finance .
&quot; history shows that &apos; quality &apos; stocks tend to outperform during the three months following an initial rate hike , &quot; goldman sachs analysts said in a report for clients .
firms with strong balance sheets outpaced weak balance sheet companies following each of the 1994 , 1999 , and 2004 rate hikes , by an average of 5 percentage points .
companies with high returns on capital as well as low volatility stocks also outperformed their lower quality counterparts , by an average of 4 ( percentage points ) and 3 ( percentage points ) , respectively .
debt will become a big issue .
companies with a high percentage of floating rate debt stand to lose the most , goldman said .
outside pure stock plays , consumers stand to benefit as well through the rising dollar .
savers could see gains as well through higher yields at the , though experts differ on how quickly that will take hold .
bbc radio 3 is a copy of classic fm says mp andrew bingham
conservative mp andrew bingham criticised station for &apos; dumbing down&apos;
argues it &apos;s becoming increasingly indistinguishable from commercial rival
also took aim at the bbc music awards , saying they just rip off the brits
colleague damien collins mp attacked the voice , saying that too wasn &apos;t original
bbc radio 3 is &quot; turning into &quot; classic fm , a leading mp has claimed , piling fresh pressure on the broadcaster to prove that it does something that commercial broadcasters do not .
conservative mp andrew bingham also told bbc bosses that the public service radio station appeared to be &quot; dumbing down &quot; and is becoming increasingly indistinguishable from its commercial rival .
&quot; radio 3 seems to be - i don &apos;t like to use the word &quot; dumbing down &quot; - but it seems to be turning into classic fm , &quot; he said .
he also took aim at the bbc music awards , launched last december .
the bbc music awards which started last year seem to be the brits by another name .
so , if you &apos;re trying to do something different - those are two examples from the top of my head where you &apos;re actually just mimicking what is already on the market , &quot; mr bingham said .
bbc director general denied the charges , arguing that bbc radio 3 is far ahead of its commercial rival when it comes to live music and educating the public .
what i learn from radio 3 , i am not going to learn about classical music from anywhere else .
and it &apos;s commitment to live music and music making is actually second to none .
&quot; and also , radio 3 &apos;s commitment to finding new music and commissioning new works i think is also really important , &quot; he said .
earlier this year , bbc radio 3 controller alan davey argued that it has to work harder to engage audiences than it did in the past , because britons are less educated about classical music .
however , radio 3 was not the only element of the bbc &apos;s output which came under fire for treading on the toes of commercial rivals , during the culture , media and sport select committee hearing .
tory mp damien collins attacked the voice - the musical talent show which the bbc bought in from dutch producer talpa media at an estimated cost of £ 22million .
can you see why that programme is often discussed because it is not original and it is not particularly distinctive ?
lord hall insisted that the bbc1 show - which stars paloma faith and boy george as judges - was produced &quot; in a particularly bbc way . &quot;
he added that he wants the corporation to &quot; find a hit from our own in-house stable &quot; next time it launches an entertainment series .
however , he refused to rule out ordering more series of the voice in the future , or spending licence fee payers &apos; money on other entertainment formats .
internet sales increased at slowest ever rate in august and black friday may be to blame
first three months of 2015 saw seven per cent increase in online sales
last month saw lowest growth rise since records began in 2000
online sales bolstered three years ago by the use of mobile for shopping
experts believe november &apos;s black friday could be holding back spending
for over a decade virtual shopping has been booming and turning many of britain &apos;s high streets into ghost towns .
but experts say there are now signs that online sales are leveling off , after new figures showed just a seven per cent increase in the first three months of 2015 .
total spending for august presented the lowest increase in growth since records began in 2000 , with just a five per cent rise on last year .
experts say there are signs that online sales are leveling off , after new figures showed just a seven per cent increase in the first three months of 2015
&apos;if you look at growth levels for previous years and go back to 2000 , it was always going to rationalise over time , &apos; andy mulcahy , editor of imrg sales index , told the guardian .
he explained that online sales were bolstered three years ago when shoppers started using their mobile phones to make purchases .
it meant more people were able to shop online and that people could do it in different contexts , such as on the sofa .
but now that is plateauing a bit , you might see ( growth ) fall away .
the black friday phenomenon , which has been imported from america , is being cited as one of the reasons behind the slowing sales .
experts believe shoppers could be holding off making purchases ahead of the event , which takes place on the last friday in november .
last year five times the average number of shoppers flocked to their computers to snap up deals crashing a number of retailers websites .
experts believe black friday , which saw shoppers fight over bargains , could be holding shoppers off from making purchases
research published by the british retail consortium found just over £ 1 in every £ 5 was being spent online .
for some products , such as tvs and washing machines , more than one third of purchases are now done through web stores .
at the same time , more than a quarter of people are buying clothes and shoes online , rather than using high street fashion chains .
muslims bury those killed in mecca crane crash as bin laden family sanctioned
bodies of 29 of the dead carried through the streets by muslims as the first funerals take place in mecca
come as saudi arabia has partly blamed the collapse on construction giant saudi binladin group
the health ministry said a total of 394 people were also injured after the crane crashed down
carried aloft through the streets , hundreds of muslims gathered to bury 29 of the victims killed when a crane collapsed at mecca &apos;s grand mosque .
dressed largely in white , mourners packed the route to pay their respects as the first of the dead made their final journey to al-moaissem cemetery .
the sad possession passed by the holy site , where just days earlier a construction crane crashed through the ceiling of the mosque and toppled onto worshipers .
the bodies were released for funeral as the saudi king sanctioned the bin laden family construction group over the disaster , which also left 394 injured .
the bodies of 29 of the worshipers killed when a crane crashed collapsed at mecca &apos;s grand central mosque were carried through the streets
among the dead was father-of-four qasim akram , from bolton , greater manchester , who was on his first pilgrimage when the crane crashed down .
mr akram had been in the grand mosque with his parents ahead of the start of the annual hajj pilgrimage .
saudi officials have already vowed that the hajj to mecca will go ahead with thousands continuing to descend on the city .
today , king salman said the binladin group should not have left the crane &apos;s arm up when it was not in use .
an arabic version of the decree , carried by the state-run saudi press agency , said the binladin group was partly to blame for the collapse .
the news agency &apos;s english service did not report that detail , but did say leaders of the company have been banned from travelling abroad .
earlier this week salman vowed to reveal what caused the crane to topple into a courtyard of the grand mosque , where hundreds of thousands of muslims have converged ahead of the hajj pilgrimage later this month .
binladin group has not released any statements about the crane collapse and its representatives have not been made available for comment .
the royal decree also blamed the group for not using up-to-date safety measures and failing to coordinate with meteorological officials .
dozens of cranes surround mecca &apos;s grand mosque , part of the massive construction effort headed by the binladin group .
the binladin family has been close to saudi arabia &apos;s ruling family for decades and runs major building projects .
al qaida &apos;s late leader osama bin laden was a renegade son disowned by the family in the 1990s .
the crash came amid high winds and rain just days before millions arrive in the kingdom for the pilgrimage , which is required at least once in the life of every able-bodied muslim .
officials said 158 people remain in hospital .
officials ordered one million riyals ( £ 174,000 ) be paid to the relatives of those killed , and the same amount to those permanently injured .
others injured will receive half that amount .
b &amp; q boss says eastern european tradesmen working cheap is behind trend
britons are increasingly employing handymen says veronique laury
number of skilled tradesmen from eastern europe behind rise
resulting in 200 more screwfix stores , aimed at tradesmen , opening
at same time kingfisher is closing 60 b &amp; q outlets across the country
by rupert steiner , chief city correspondent for the daily mail
britons are said to be putting down their hammers and paintbrushes in favour of employing skilled eastern european tradesmen to carry out work in their home
if you are handy with a hammer or a whizz at painting walls , it seems you are in the minority these days .
because britons are increasingly employing handymen to carry out diy jobs in their homes , according to the boss of the company behind b &amp; q.
veronique laury , new chief executive of kingfisher , which owns the home improvement chain , said a big rise in the number of skilled tradesmen from eastern europe offering services at rock-bottom prices is behind the trend .
as a result , kingfisher is planning to open 200 more screwfix stores , which are aimed at tradesmen , while closing 60 b &amp; q outlets .
mrs laury said she wants more women to be employed in b &amp; q shops because eight out of ten purchasing decisions in store are made by the fairer sex .
currently the majority of staff are men .
she said there was a need to address growing demographic trends which have seen more single female households who are doing more home improvements than in the past .
mrs laury said : &quot; we still have a majority of men working in our stores .
we need to move more towards a balance .
fundamentally half of our customers are female with 80 per cent of the decisions over items purchased taken by women .
women play a big part in the decision-making process .
mrs laury , who is one of only five women at the helm of britain &apos;s ftse100 index of leading firms , has also restructured her top team to reflect an equal number of men and women directors .
kingfisher is almost alone in having exactly 50 per cent of its team staffed by women , including its chief executive and finance director .
mrs laury said : &quot; this was a conscious decision - diversity is an important topic here .
it has not been difficult to find good women to put on our board .
kingfisher posted a fall in both half-year profit and sales after the group shouldered the cost of shutting stores .
as a result of the trend kingfisher , which owns screwfix and b &amp; q , is opening 200 new stores
officials from aich-dob in court for breach of trust
two officials from the austrian volleyball runner-up champion team aich-dob attended the klagenfurt regional court on wednesday to answer charges of breach of trust and tax evasion .
the defendants pleaded not guilty .
one of them had also also been charged with abuse of his position .
he was legally acquitted of this charge in may .
the current case was adjourned .
according to senior public prosecutor robert riffel , it emerged during preliminary investigations that in the years 2006 to 2011 the defendants used monies from the club &apos;s accounts , to which they had access due to their roles , for private purposes .
the loss is estimated at around € 400,000 .
the sports officials are also accused of financial offences .
the chairwoman of the lay judge senate , judge michaela sanin , ordered proceedings on this fact to be postponed .
it will be tried at a later date .
on the charge of breach of trust , the defence argued that the club had never at any time suffered any pecuniary disadvantage
the sports officials had only offset expense allowances , and brought the sports club for which they worked from 1982 to 2011 , and in which they had invested much time and money , out of debt - liabilities in 2001 amounted to around 600,000 schillings ( around € 44,000 ) .
&quot; at that time we were faced with the situation of whether we should continue with the club or close it down , &quot; said one of the defendents , who makes his living as an auditor of large companies for the tax authorities .
with his colleague and co-defendant , he had then resolved to undertake this task .
with all the risks .
&quot; we advanced money and deposited our life insurance policies with the bank as security , &quot; he said during the examination .
it was agreed with the club that they had a free hand to manage the money , but they were not permitted to run up any debts .
furthermore , if there was appropriate financial success , retrospective payment of the expense allowance back to 1991 was agreed .
as a result , a part of the expense allowance was paid off years later , that is to say from the year 2003 when the account went into credit .
this is why general and not detailed debit entries appeared , was the former chairman &apos;s explanation for the processes .
the two defendants managed the accounts and passbooks together , said the second defendant .
the judge asked why the payments had not been disclosed to the club in detail .
the club was not interested in details of the financial arrangements , it was only important that it should be debt free , was the answer .
when investigations into abuse of his position against one of the officers began in 2011 , a sum of € 120,000 was transferred into the club &apos;s account .
those were reserves , explained the defendant .
this securities account was run in the name of the two defendants and according to a statement by the club its existence was not known to the club .
&quot; why ? &quot; the judge wanted to know .
there was no answer to this for a long time .
then he finally said that he had thought it would be best for the club .
had something happen to him then nobody would have known anything about this money , the state prosecutor put to the room .
the co-defendant knew about it , the official justified himself .
the purpose of the transfer was given as compensation for damages .
&quot; why compensation for damages ? &quot; the judge and the state prosecutor wanted to know .
in response , the first defendant said that he had disagreed with this wording because no damage had ever occurred to the club .
but what can i do when the lawyer says , &quot; this lets us all off the hook &quot; ?
&quot; am i a legal representative ? &quot; he asked .
the official carried on that he had never received a cent in salary , he had only charged for mileage and a per diem allowance .
the club had set aside € 1,000 per month for per diem allowances , which were in fact expenses which would have been much higher , he added .
the defendants were not able to provide accurate documentation for the earlier years .
this was no longer kept since an audit in which everything was properly assessed , they explained .
the second defendant had also obtained a mileage allowance .
all adjustments were made in cash , for which he had to drive from his home in völkermarkt to the bank in bleiburg , he explained in his statement .
the trial will continue on 23 september with the questioning of witnesses .
hewlett packard cutting a further 30,000 jobs
in addition to the job cuts that have been taking place for the past three years , the computer giant is going to lay off even more staff with the splitting of the company .
there seems to be no end to the job cuts at the us computer giant hewlett-packard ( hp ) .
as part of its restructuring , the us technology group plans to lay off between 25,000 and 30,000 staff in its corporate customer section .
this should lead to cost savings of around $ 2.7 billion ( € 2.4 billion ) , the company disclosed on tuesday .
the step will lead to a one-off charge of around $ 2.7 billion , which will be incurred in the fourth quarter .
the reduction of 55,000 jobs which has been taking place for three years is not yet completed .
at the end of the 2013 / 14 business year hp still employed around 302,000 staff .
at the end of trading hewlett-packard shares had fallen by 2.3 percent .
the group based in palo alto , california , which initially grew through its printer sales , is currently splitting its business : this year the computer and printer side will be combined in a new company , separated from the the promising areas of computer servers and data storage for business as well as other services .
both operations will be listed on the stock exchange .
repeatedly disappointing sales of pcs as well as a slow demand from business customers for their services have recently afflicted the world &apos;s second-largest pc manufacturer after lenovo .
in the third fiscal quarter to the end of july , sales of pcs and printers fell by 11.5 percent .
revenue dropped by eight percent to just under $ 25.4 billion .
this means profits have dropped in 15 out of 16 quarters .
hp responded to the changes in the industry with a split and massive layoffs .
the 76-year-old business headed by meg whitman has been slow to react to the rise in customers buying smartphones and tablets instead of conventional computers and equally carrying out business more and more online .
whitman &apos;s plans for restructuring include around 55,000 job losses .
conflicts : the majority support anti isis training mission
the majority of people , however , are opposed to direct involvement of german soldiers in combat operations in iraq : 54 percent were against it , 35 percent have expressed themselves in favour .
sixty-one percent reacted positively to other countries carrying out air attacks against isis in iraq and syria .
twenty-four percent are against intervening in the conflict .
fifty-one percent of those surveyed are against cooperating with the syrian ruler bashar al-assad , but 20 percent were in favour .
twenty-nine percent were undecided .
cars : second press day at the 66th iaa
at the centre of the exhibition until 27 september are interlinked , self driving cars as well as electro-mobility .
after two press days , chancellor angela merkel will officially open the 66th international automobile exhibition , whose motto is &quot; mobility connects &quot; , on thursday .
the general public can visit the iaa from saturday .
the organisers from the automobile association vda estimate that approximately 900,000 visitors , similar to 2 years ago , will attend .
röszke : outbreak of violence on the serbian-hungarian border
the hungarian police have used tear gas and water cannons against several hundred angry refugees on the serbian border near röszke .
euronews correspondent dániel bozsik witnessed the outbreak of violence at the border control point .
he reported by telephone :
a group of refugees broke through the border .
a line of police was formed behind it and behind the police a water cannon stood at the ready .
between 40 and 50 refugees started to throw stones , sticks and plastic bottles at the officers .
at first the officers used a continuous spray of pepper spray .
then the police used tear gas .
a lot of tear gas was sprayed in the direction of the refugees .
this caused the group to break up .
the group has now reluctantly withdrawn .
a pregnant and obviously injured woman has been carried away from the area .
children who have inhaled tear gas are screaming .
other refugees have slumped down together and are suffering from respiratory distress .
the press spokesman for the serbian police also sustained injuries from the use of tear gas and pepper spray .
decision time on interest rates for us federal reserve
the world is watching as the us federal reserve meets over two days on wednesday and thursday , to take the crucial decision on whether or not to raise interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade .
a survey of 80 economists polled by reuters found a little over half who only last week thought the fed would go for it , now think it will hold fire a bit longer and keep rates at the current 0-0.25 percent range .
it &apos;s a historical event because it &apos;s been seven years since the fed cut rates to zero .
for the first time we are approaching a situation where a major central bank might be able to get out of the zero bar and start a process of normalization of interest rates , &quot; said angel ubide , senior fellow at the peterson institute for international economics .
the us economy has been performing relatively well , the recovery adding trillions of dollars to the balance sheet and generating little inflation .
however the fed cannot ignore the less rosy global outlook .
it has warned markets to be ready for a hike but indications are they also believe the odds are against such a move .
the decision is due to be announced at 20.00 cet on thursday .
delta state university shooter left note of apology
after shooting and killing his girlfriend in mississippi on monday morning - and before he shot and killed his colleague later that day - shannon lamb wrote a note to say that he was &quot; sorry &quot; for the first murder and wished he &quot; could take it back , &quot; authorities revealed tuesday .
police in gautier , miss. said lamb , a geography and social science education instructor at delta state university , called 911 around 10 a.m.
monday and said he had shot and killed someone .
lamb told the dispatcher that police needed to send officers over to his home .
he said &quot; i shot my wife last night &quot; and also mentioned that there is a &quot; sweet dog &quot; in the house that is &quot; not going to bother anyone &quot; but is likely upset .
police asked the caller his name , but he didn &apos;t give it .
lamb did not provide an explanation for the shooting .
when police got to the scene they found the body of amy prentiss , 41 , and a handwritten note from lamb , 45 , that said : &quot; i am so sorry i wish i could take it back .
i loved amy and she is the only person who ever loved me .
after writing the note , lamb drove 300 miles to delta state where he killed ethan schmidt , a history professor , before eventually taking his own life late monday as cops closed in .
university president william laforge said he didn &apos;t know of any conflict between lamb and schmidt but &quot; obviously there was something in mr. lamb &apos;s mind . &quot;
despite reports monday that lamb allegedly believed prentiss was also romantically involved with schmidt , authorities said tuesday that there was &quot; no information , no evidence &quot; of a &quot; love triangle . &quot;
prentiss was described as a &quot; good person &quot; by shawn o &apos;steen , who said he had been married to her for about seven years .
the two divorced 15 years ago , but remained friends .
o &apos;steen said he and prentiss had a daughter , who is 19 , and she was &quot; devastated . &quot;
he said prentiss and her daughter were &quot; absolutely best friends . &quot;
prentiss worked an online job from her home , according to linsday knowles , identified as a close friend of prentiss by the sun herald .
knowles said prentiss , who had a hound dog named lightning , had been dating lamb for about three years .
&quot; she always wanted to help other people , &quot; knowles said .
police said lamb had phoned relatives at some point monday to tell them &quot; he &apos;s not going to jail . &quot;
when cops caught up with him on highway 1 near greenville later that night , lamb pulled his car over , bailed out on foot , ran into the woods and shot and killed himself .
lamb received a doctorate in education from delta state in the spring of 2015 , according to his resume posted on the university &apos;s website .
stars who lost their mojo
the actor ( left ) , pictured with his son redmond ( right ) , has had a stressful few years .
in 2001 , he battled leukemia , and in 2009 , he lost long-time partner , farrah fawcett , to cancer .
the actor has also reportedly struggled with drugs , and in 2008 , he was busted for drug possession .
all that stuff sure does take a toll .
eurowings : lufthansa reconstructing group
lufthansa is planning a major reconstruction of its group .
the lufthansa group will save half a billion euros per year through improvements to the organisation alone .
reconstruction of the group will cost 150 of the approximately 1,000 managers worldwide their jobs .
meanwhile new negotiations are being carried out with the pilots &apos; union .
lufthansa is reorganising the structure of its business and upgrading its low-cost subsidiary eurowings .
the goal of the realignment is a contribution to profits of around € 500 million per year from cost and revenue synergies , the airline announced on wednesday .
among other things , lufthansa in the future will have no executive board for the passenger business .
the eurowings budget airline will instead be developed to become as independent as possible .
in the future , karl ulrich garnadt will be responsible for eurowings on the management board headed by carsten spohr .
with this new realignment spohr underlines the importance of eurowings , with which the group wants to compete against ryanair and easyjet in the future .
up to now the organisation of the 120,000 employees has been extremely complex .
the airline is consolidating the passenger airline group , which provides three quarters of the annual turnover of € 30 billion , under one umbrella .
new negotiations with pilots
following the strike which was halted on legal grounds , negotiations with the pilots &apos; union cockpit ( vc ) in the pay dispute will be resumed on thursday .
this was announced by the union .
under discussion will be the pilots &apos; retirement scheme .
&quot; in a year with record results predicted &quot; cockpit wants to come up with a viable solution as quickly as possible
the conflict between the union and the airline had led to a number of strikes over the past months .
besides the pilots &apos; transitional pension payments , the background is the &quot; wings &quot; budget concept .
it proposes that in the battle against competitive routes lufthansa outsources to the group &apos;s own budget airline , eurowings .
paintings by leena krüger are on view in the künstlerhaus under the title &quot; morning train to the south &quot; .
the finn , who has long been a resident of göttingen , has assembled a selection of untitled works , which encourage viewers to embark on an intellectual journey , for the weisser saal in the gallery .
manchester united &apos;s luke shaw out for months with double fracture
luke shaw suffered a double fracture of his right leg during manchester united &apos;s champions league defeat at psv eindhoven .
while this left the full-back in tears and will rule him out for at least six months , louis van gaal remains hopeful shaw could play again this season .
the injury was caused by a reckless tackle from héctor moreno in the 15th minute after the 20-year-old shaw had burst into the psv area .
he had nine minutes of treatment on the pitch and required oxygen before being taken to hospital .
van gaal said : &quot; he has a double leg fracture and is in hospital . &quot;
he will be transferred tomorrow or maybe a day later and then operated on in manchester .
it is awful - a boy who comes to manchester united at 18 , has it very difficult and then plays fantastically and then this happens .
when it was in the dressing room he had an oxygen mask on .
he was crying .
i am not a doctor but when you have a double fracture it is six months and he will not play in the group phase .
i hope he can play again this season .
moreno appeared fortunate to escape a red card and the concession of a spot-kick .
nicola rizzoli , the referee , did not penalise the mexican .
van gaal suggested the italian official had erred .
you can judge for yourself when i say it is a penalty and a red card .
it was a very bad tackle with two legs .
a tweet on shaw &apos;s account read : &quot; thank you everyone for your messages , words can &apos;t describe how gutted i am , my road to recovery starts now , i will come back stronger . &quot;
related : manchester united suffer luke shaw blow in defeat at psv
the england defender will have an added incentive to recover with the european championship in france next june .
phillip cocu , the psv coach , said : &quot; it &apos;s a very bad injury . &quot;
if any player goes off with this kind of injury , everybody is very sad about it .
it is never the intention of our players to injure an opponent .
moreno suffered a broken leg when playing for mexico against van gaal &apos;s holland at the 2014 world cup .
&quot; he finds it very difficult because the intention was not to injure the opponent , and when you hear it is a very bad injury , it &apos;s not good , &quot; cocu said .
for me it was not possible to see the moment .
the only thing i could see was the ball , which was heading in a different direction , so it looked like he &#91; moreno &#93; touched it , but i couldn &apos;t see the tackle on luke .
speaking to sbs6 , moreno said : &quot; i know how it feels , i know how difficult such a thing can be .
i feel very bad about it , i am so sorry .
psv &apos;s andrés guardado was also taken to hospital following a challenge by chris smalling .
surely david cameron knows the lorax better than this ?
it &apos;s one thing any parent soon learns : when your child loves a book , it won &apos;t be long before you know it almost by heart .
unless , it seems , you are david cameron .
asked by a provider of holiday childcare schemes to name his favourite kids &apos; book , the prime minister opted for the lorax , the 1971 environmental fable by dr seuss .
it was a difficult choice , cameron writes in a message published on the website of the supercamps company , continuing : &quot; funny , moving , creative and with a powerful message , it &apos;s one i enjoy reading to my children because there always seems to be an image or a message that we have previously missed . &quot;
all very well , except that the subsequent paragraph in which cameron supposedly describes the plot of the book instead gives a précis of the 2012 film version , which added new characters and detail to pad out the fairly brief original text .
&quot; set in the walled city of thneed-ville , where all nature has gone and even the air is a commodity , a boy named ted hopes to win the heart of his dream girl , audrey , by fulfilling her wish to see a real tree , &quot; it reads , chronicling a love interest unknown to dr seuss , real name theodor seuss geisel , who died in 1991 .
if that wasn &apos;t suspicious enough , cameron &apos;s submitted text reads in part like a plot summary of the lorax film provided on the internet movie database website , which begins : &quot; in the walled city of thneed-ville , where everything is artificial and even the air is a commodity , a boy named ted hopes to win the heart of his dream girl , audrey . &quot;
given he is an avowedly hands-on parent , it seems unlikely cameron is so unfamiliar with the book &apos;s plot , in which a young unnamed boy hears how the local environment was devastated by the avaricious , tree-chopping , thneed-knitting once-ler , despite the protests of the eponymous lorax , a squat , moustachioed creature who &quot; speaks for the trees . &quot;
most likely , such a relatively lowly pr task would have been outsourced to an aide , seemingly one who has never read the lorax 20 times in a row to a child .
a downing street spokeswoman said the text was believed to have come from cameron &apos;s constituency office .
supercamps confirmed that the text was provided from cameron &apos;s staff , but had no further immediate comment .
adam lyth was clearly at risk of england omission but it &apos;s still tough
taking on pakistan in the united arab emirates is a tough assignment but after seeing the squad england have selected for the tour , a repeat of the 3-0 test series defeat suffered last time does not look on the cards for me .
i wouldn &apos;t rule out an away win , either .
alastair cook &apos;s side may be less experienced than the one three years ago but there are good players of spin in that batting lineup and the collective mindset is strong ; they will not carry scars from 2012 , only a youthful positivity .
with the ball , moeen ali is developing as a spinner and adil rashid , even if he is an unknown quantity at test level , represents an attacking option .
related : adam lyth dropped from england test squad and replaced by alex hales
the decision to omit adam lyth is obviously a tough one for me to analyse as his head coach at yorkshire .
his seven tests have been against two good attacks in challenging conditions and the simple but harsh reality is that cricketers are judged on output .
there were no question marks over joe root , for example , leading up to the announcement because - and i have said this before - players are their own best selectors .
a couple of half-centuries and lyth might have seen his run extended but he was in control of his own destiny .
hopefully if he punches out more runs for yorkshire another opportunity will come along .
the england head coach , trevor bayliss , praised his attitude even when he was not performing as well as he can and that does not surprise me ; he is a team man above all else .
the question of how long a test batsman gets to make his mark is a tough one .
lyth got seven caps - like sam robson before him - while nick compton got nine .
only compton got the chance home and away .
the only gripe you could have was that england went for jonathan trott in the caribbean first - when lyth was in top form - but that wasted opportunity is in the past now .
alex hales comes in and he is a batsman i rate highly .
he is an x-factor cricketer , which we at yorkshire saw early this season when he made 236 against us on a trent bridge pitch that was doing a bit .
he must at least be afforded the same opportunity as those before him but this will of course depend on the make-up of the side in the uae .
the idea of moeen opening the batting alongside cook , which would get the extra spinner in while keeping four quicks , has been floated and it is not something i am against .
i don &apos;t see why a strokemaker cannot bat there and this left-hander has already shown he is one hell of a cricketer .
moeen may not have done the job for his county , worcestershire , but he has been a no3 for them and there is not much difference .
my old team-mate justin langer played his first 38 tests at first drop before stepping up to open in 2001 .
he peeled off three centuries immediately and did not look back .
zafar ansari comes into the squad as back-up spinner and , in my limited dealings with him , he has struck me as very impressive young man .
people may look at his raw stats - averaging 31 with the bat and 35 with the ball - and think it &apos;s a punt but there are not a heap of spinners putting their hands up and selectors have opted for youth .
he will learn a lot on this tour .
away from the squad , england look to have made a couple of shrewd additions to their coaching staff .
the appointment of mahela jayawardene , the sri lanka batsman , as a consultant for the test matches could be a masterstroke .
he is one of the game &apos;s loveliest blokes , who will bring a wealth of experience having done it in all conditions and against all attacks .
paul collingwood comes in for the white-ball leg of the tour and will bring both energy and a ruthless streak into the setup .
i always felt he was born to be involved in international cricket , be it playing or coaching , and like mahela has nous that can be tapped .
sometimes new voices in the dressing room , even if the messages are consistent with what has been said before , can freshen up a side .
colly &apos;s durham team-mate ben stokes is rested for the one-dayers , root was given a similar break against australia and i for one have no issue with this .
while not everyone will agree , the coaches and selectors do not set the schedule .
and you have to remember , like players , their jobs are dependent on results .
such decisions are never taken lightly .
brexit camp might win the day if economy is in doldrums by 2017
david cameron &apos;s half-baked renegotiation strategy for keeping britain in the eu gets deeper into trouble with every day that passes , even without the election of genial jeremy &quot; is it yes or no ? &quot; corbyn to the labour leadership , or the tuc cutting up rough over europe on tuesday .
foreigners have their corbyns and nigel farages too .
a european diplomat chum explained the other day that , sunk in assorted crises as the eu is - not all of their own making - some member states are fed up with britain &apos;s self-absorbed agenda of divisive concessions and disruptive treaty changes which they mostly don &apos;t want .
in brighton for its annual bean , the tuc decided it didn &apos;t want them either if they eroded social protection .
we could even call it dave and george &apos;s selfie agenda .
pm and chancellor rock up to summits or bilateral sessions in foreign capitals , take a photo of themselves in front of a famous local monument , with or without local grandee , then come home and say they are winning allies for reform .
it &apos;s all about me .
my european pal , who wants an outward-looking britain inside the eu tent - &quot; don &apos;t leave us alone with france , &quot; says berlin - suggests that more short-sighted ministers and officials in some capitals have got to the point where they don &apos;t care whether we stay or leave .
angela merkel , germany &apos;s cautiously level-headed chancellor , is an ally , but has been in power for 10 years and wants to leave office before it goes bad for her , as it did for overstayers thatcher ( 11 years ) , mitterrand ( 14 ) and kohl ( 16 ) .
france &apos;s françois hollande is facing re-election or replacement in 2017 .
he is a fading force too .
poland may soon have a nationalistic government of the right , spain one of the left .
it &apos;s hard to see them breaking a leg to help the selfie brits , whose energy might be better spent preventing scotland leaving the uk - something they don &apos;t want either because most have similar separatist tendencies .
so some such ministers may even be planning to make deliberately unhelpful remarks , snp-style , during the uk &apos;s 2017 referendum campaign to hasten the brexit process , my pal suggests .
&quot; the renegotiation was a fix &quot; and &quot; britain got nothing of value out of the renegotiation . &quot;
the europeans know to their cost how predatory fleet street can be and how eu-sceptic the oligarch press barons are , as they were not during the tony benn-inspired 1975 referendum which endorsed our 1973 entry by a ratio of 2 : 1 .
they may dimly remember boris johnson , the arch euro-opportunist , making his name as an &quot; eu straight bananas &quot; brussels correspondent in the early 90s .
for all his foolishness ed miliband knew who his enemies were .
they included the medley of tax-shy rascals , phone-hacking foreigners and pseudo non-doms who own most of our great newspapers .
actually tony blair thought much the same about them , but realised that when you &apos;re in a cage with a randy gorilla you have to pass the bananas to distract it from having you for lunch and again for tea .
in fact miliband was more blairite than blair in opposing cameron &apos;s referendum wheeze , since blair had conceded the principle over the eu &apos;s aborted constitution , sunk by french and dutch voters in 2005 who gave him a get-out card .
the press never forgave him that either .
but nice jeremy corbyn , who gave me a friendly pat on the back at westminster on monday - i told him he no longer has time to waste on me - seems to be in danger of re-adopting neil kinnock &apos;s boycott murdoch strategy of the 80s , a mistake then and now .
it may take time , but he must develop a coherent strategy to engage with the media , not with me , but certainly with andrew marr whose bbc sofa he vacated on sunday .
corbyn &apos;s official position on europe is what i will kindly call evolving .
he says he &apos;d like us to stay in a reformed eu .
well , most people outside ukip &apos;s woad-wearing tendency and the wilder shores of tory little englanderism can probably say yes to that .
it &apos;s what hilary &quot; a benn , but not a bennite &quot; benn said on radio and tv this week as the boy scout in him struggled not to admit that corbyn &apos;s appointment of abrasive john mcdonnell as shadow chancellor was a bad idea .
it reminded me of the 70s , when his old dad struggled on tv to be disloyal to labour cabinet colleagues without going too far and losing his cabinet job .
hilary &apos;s struggle was more attractive .
but fighting to stay in &quot; in all circumstances &quot; - benn &apos;s phrase - was not what mcdonnell was saying , nor what jc told peers and mps at their private meeting on monday night , by all accounts .
whatever the bottom-up , touchy-feely image corbyn wants to convey - remember , he even touched me - message discipline remains important in the age of 24 / 7 tv and especially in the maelstrom that is social media , a hotbed of paranoia and betrayal .
it &apos;s fair enough not to give cameron a free pass on europe , allowing him to take labour &apos;s support for granted in the referendum campaign , as mcdonnell has said .
simon jenkins certainly thinks so .
but mcdonnell and corbyn &apos;s basic equivocation about eu membership - consistent with their bennite siege economy , anti-capitalist past - is no longer just a matter of esoteric discussion among leftwing dissidents for whom the narcissism of small difference is a central tenet of doctrinal squabbles .
as with his equivocation over nato - tom watson is adamant that jc won &apos;t campaign to quit - foreign diplomats will be obliged to try to make sense of it all for their masters at home .
why should paris or berlin waste political capital - they have suspicious voters too - on concessions to britain when it may all be pointless ?
the us is already pretty disappointed with the brits &quot; feeble military performance in iraq , libya and syria , even with a cost-cutting tory government in power , as i was reminded at the launch of something called the british influence security forum on monday .
experts criticise public health england e-cigarettes review
claims by a government-funded agency that e-cigarettes are 95 % less harmful than smoking arose from a meeting of 12 people , some with links to the tobacco industry , researchers have said .
experts writing in the british medical journal ( bmj ) joined the lancet in criticising the evidence used by public health england ( phe ) in its report on e-cigarettes .
phe published the &quot; landmark &quot; report last month , describing it as a &quot; comprehensive review of the evidence . &quot;
but several researchers have questioned the robustness of the data and pointed to links between some experts and the tobacco industry .
an editorial in the lancet medical journal last month attacked the &quot; extraordinarily flimsy foundation &quot; on which phe based its main conclusion .
writing in the bmj , two further researchers have questioned whether the claims were &quot; built on rock or sand . &quot;
martin mckee , professor of european public health at the london school of hygiene and tropical medicine , and simon capewell , professor of clinical epidemiology at the university of liverpool , said : &quot; a fundamental principle of public health is that policies should be based on evidence of effectiveness . &quot;
they said the public would expect phe &apos;s claims that &quot; the current best estimate is that e-cigarettes are around 95 % less harmful than smoking &quot; would be based on a detailed review of evidence and modelling .
in fact , it comes from a single meeting of 12 people convened to develop a multi-criteria decision analysis ( mcda ) model to synthesise their opinions on the harms associated with different nicotine-containing products ; the results of the meeting were summarised in a research paper .
mckee and capewell said one sponsor of the meeting was a company called euroswiss health , whose chief executive was reported to have previously received funding from british american tobacco for an independent study .
he also endorsed bat &apos;s public health credentials in a sustainability report , they said .
one of the 12 people at the meeting declared funding from an e-cigarette manufacturer but not the funding he was reported to have received previously from the tobacco company philip morris international , they added .
the rationale for selecting the members of the panel is not provided , but they include several known e-cigarette champions , some of whom also declare industry funding in the paper .
some others present at the meeting are not known for their expertise in tobacco control .
the meeting was also attended by the tobacco lead at phe .
the research paper produced by the group &quot; tellingly concedes &quot; there is a lack of &quot; hard evidence for the harms of most products on most of the criteria , &quot; mckee and capewell wrote .
however , none of these links or limitations are discussed in the phe report .
mckee and capewell said phe &apos;s claims that &quot; there is no evidence so far that e-cigarettes are acting as a route into smoking for children or non-smokers &quot; were premature .
prof kevin fenton , director of health and wellbeing at phe , said the claims in the bmj had been responded to before .
he said : &quot; e-cigarettes are significantly less harmful than smoking . &quot;
one in two lifelong smokers dies from their addiction .
all of the evidence suggests that the health risks posed by e-cigarettes are small by comparison , but we must continue to study the long-term effects .
phe has a clear duty to inform the public about what the evidence shows and what it does not show , especially when there was so much public confusion about the relative dangers compared to tobacco .
nearly 80,000 people a year die of a smoking-related illness and smoking costs the nhs £ 2bn a year .
by spelling out clearly the current evidence - that while e-cigarettes are not risk-free , they carry only a fraction of the harm caused by smoking - we are fulfilling our national remit .
bbc should give up eastenders , says former channel 4 chief
the former channel 4 chairman luke johnson has said the bbc should stop broadcasting programmes such as eastenders and the voice , saying its commercial rivals would &quot; give their right arm &quot; for hit shows such as the albert square soap .
johnson said the licence fee should only be used to make the sort of programmes that are not made by other uk broadcasters .
he criticised the bbc for putting public service programmes likely to be watched by a smaller audience in tough slots against its rivals &quot; biggest rating shows , and on channels such as bbc4 .
after the bbc &apos;s director general , tony hall , said the corporation wanted to do more in partnership with other organisations , johnson said he had tried for six years in his time at channel 4 to do a tie-up with the bbc without success .
&quot; i do struggle with the idea that the bbc commissions and broadcasts programmes that would clearly be shown by unsubsidised rivals , &quot; johnson told the house of lords communication committee , as part of its inquiry into the future of the bbc .
if you keep the licence fee , which i &apos;m not sure in the medium or long term is a good idea , it should reduce its output at least to programmes that others aren &apos;t making and commissioning .
they broadcast the voice in a prime slot because they want to gain as broad a support as possible for its future .
the idea that no one else would show that is a joke , it &apos;s ludicrous , it &apos;s obviously nonsense .
johnson said : &quot; i don &apos;t see why a regressive tax should fund programmes that could be funded without subsidy .
the voice is one , eastenders is another , admittedly made in-house .
frankly other channels would give their right arm for it .
i struggle to see how it &apos;s public service broadcasting .
i don &apos;t think that would diminish the bbc at all .
johnson , a serial entrepreneur who led channel 4 from 2004 to 2010 , said the bbc was guilty of chasing ratings &quot; because of the ambitions of people who work there , and because they believe that is the best way to secure long-term support . &quot;
his comments about the bbc &apos;s most popular shows echo those of former sky executive tony ball , who used his mactaggart lecture in edinburgh in 2003 to propose that the bbc sell off shows such as eastenders .
johnson said the bbc &apos;s more niche public service programmes &quot; go on to bbc4 where quite often you can &apos;t measure the audience but they fulfil their remit and they can argue when they go on their sanctimonious missions about justifying £ 4bn in licence fee income , &quot; well of course , we do all these obscure programmes that no one watched . &quot;
they put them on a slot where no one was ever going to watch them .
on the licence fee , johnson told the committee : &quot; i challenge you to find a more regressive system in terms of who gets the best value from it .
of course you all think , we all think , £ 150 a year is great value , but for people for whom £ 150 is a lot of money i wonder if they do because they don &apos;t consume a lot of the bbc .
former sky and channel 5 executive david elstein , who also gave evidence to the committee on tuesday , said the bbc should revise its reithian mission to &quot; inform , educate and entertain . &quot;
he said little of the bbc &apos;s output was now formally classified as education - he said it was 1 % of its tv output and 0.1 % on radio - and it should take a lead from public service broadcasters in australia and canada and change it to &quot; inform , enlighten and entertain . &quot;
on the issue of partnerships , elstein said the bbc should do more in areas such as the proms , of which he said only a handful were shown on tv , and enter into alliances with commercial broadcasters to make them all available to watch online .
&apos;sonogenetics &apos; allows brain cells to be controlled by sound waves
the video shows how the nematodes change direction the moment they are blasted with sonic pulses .
scientists have bred worms with genetically modified nervous systems that can be controlled by bursts of sound waves .
the tiny nematodes change direction the moment they are blasted with sonic pulses that are too high-pitched for humans to hear .
the pulses work by switching on motor neuron cells that are genetically modified to carry membrane channels that respond to ultrasonic waves .
related : researchers read and write brain activity with light
researchers said the worms demonstrate the power of a new procedure , dubbed sonogenetics , in which ultrasound can be used to activate a range of brain , heart and muscle cells from outside the body .
sreekanth chalasani , a researcher at the salk institute in la jolla , california , told the guardian that the procedure could one day replace deep-brain stimulation , an invasive procedure that delivers electrical pulses into people &apos;s brains to treat symptoms of parkinson &apos;s disease .
nematode worms do not usually react to ultrasound , but chalasani found that they did when they were surrounded by a fluid containing microscopic bubbles .
the bubbles , he found , amplify the ultrasonic waves which then pass inside the worms .
the amplified ultrasound waves act on structures called trp-4 ion channels , found in the membranes of some of the worms &quot; cells .
the sound waves make these ion channels open up and activate the cells they are attached to , according to a report in nature communications .
to make ultrasound-controlled nematodes , chalasani genetically modified the worms so that some of their motor neurons carried trp-4 ion channels .
when he applied ultrasound to the modified creatures , the sound waves were amplified by the microbubbles and transmitted into the worms , where they switched on the modified motor neurons .
the procedure has some similarities with optogenetics , a groundbreaking tool that allows scientists to switch neurons on and off with pulses of light .
but chalasani said that sonogenetics could have some advantages over that technique .
unlike light , which has to be sent down an optic fibre to the desired location inside the brain , low frequency ultrasound waves can pass through tissue unhindered , and so can be sent into the brain from on top of the skull .
&quot; we believe that , using gene therapy and a therapeutic virus , it may be possible to make target human neurons temporarily susceptible to the ultrasound signal in a clinical setting for certain neurological treatments , &quot; said chalasani .
other applications could focus on muscle cells and insulin-producing cells , he added .
illegal torture equipment - right on your doorstep !
the adverts shaming britain &apos;s arms trade
watch amnesty international &apos;s anti-arms fair video .
horrific killer drones !
ankle-shattering leg irons !
cluster bombs !
and electric stun batons that cause excruciating pain but leave no trace !
the cheery voice and cartoon imagery leave no doubt that this advert for the world &apos;s biggest arms fair is a sharp spoof , produced for amnesty international to highlight the british government &apos;s willingness to flog weapons to repressive regimes via the defence and security equipment international &apos;s jamboree at the excel centre in london &apos;s docklands .
related : dsei weapons fair : authoritarian regimes descend on london
but a separate campaign is also leading to many posters cropping up at bus stops and on tube trains that require a second glance .
&quot; important announcement , travelling on the dlr from 15th to 18th september ? &quot; reads one , using london underground fonts and branding with the dlr line turning into the image of a tank .
this september , a swarm of arms dealers will be descending on the dlr ... customers are requested to help stop the arms fair .
the 300 posters are by artists who exhibited work at the museum of cruel designs in banksy &apos;s dismaland .
a collective called the special patrol group helped distribute it around london using &quot; ad space hack packs , &quot; a £ 6 pack of allen keys which it claims &quot; gain access to around a third of bus stop advertising space on the planet . &quot;
transport for london is not amused by this flyposting &quot; vandalism . &quot;
one of the spoof ads produced by the special patrol group collective .
according to gavin grindon , curator of cruel designs and a lecturer at the university of essex , artists are becoming more questioning and seeking to take political work to audiences outside galleries .
a lot of artists are moving to work with activists within protest movements , realising they have to get out in the real world for their art to have an impact on society .
another of the anti-arms trade posters greeting commuters on the tube .
the amnesty video has been watched more than 100,000 times in 24 hours via facebook and was created by ad agency vccp working pro bono , with the graphic designer and voiceover artist also working for free .
vccp creative director matt lever was struck by the silence surrounding the advertising of the arms fair - with a blank space on excel &apos;s calendar - and thought : &quot; let &apos;s give them the campaign they are trying to avoid . &quot;
they toyed with creating a more realistic dodgy corporate advert , but &quot; by ramming it home with bright colours and animation , it was more arresting . &quot;
&quot; they &apos;ve done a fantastic job in helping us raise concerns about the selling of illegal torture equipment at the fair , &quot; says tom davies at amnesty .
what we need now is for the uk government to take action and ensure that torture equipment is not illegally traded on our doorstep .
perhaps the most creative art surrounding the arms fair comes from inside excel , where exhibitors flog fantastically euphemistic products .
in a press release , saab revealed an order from the us army for &quot; the shoulder-launched at4cs rs . &quot;
this includes a &quot; unique shaped-charge warhead that delivers outstanding behind-armour-effects inside the target . &quot;
whatever that does , it won &apos;t be pleasant .
eight golden rules for living in student halls
it &apos;s been 11 years since i moved into student halls as an oblivious 19-year-old , still believing in berets and moral relativism , but it &apos;s only now i recall the strained smiles of those i annoyed - and the numerous , lengthy complaints about others .
most of what i learned can be distilled into eight simple rules .
moving into halls can range from mildly nerve-racking to totally terrifying .
it &apos;s tempting to babble : telling people where you &apos;re from , whether and where you took a gap year , where you stand on corbyn and why you &quot; honestly neither love nor hate marmite because seriously guys it &apos;s just yeast extract hahaha i &apos;ll be in my room . &quot;
take a breath .
and help others take one too - ask questions and show interest .
it steers the conversation and helps you to scout out the people you like versus those you wouldn &apos;t talk to even if your eyelashes were on fire and they were dispensing extinguishers .
give people space .
people &apos;s rooms often morph into drinks receptions , movie-night venues and communal hangout spots , but they &apos;re also where people get dressed and adjust their underwear .
related : don &apos;t even think about starting university in a relationship
introverts get a raw deal at university .
your room should be a retreat , yet many halls form an inter-room-strolling culture that &apos;s friendly , social and conducive to lifelong friendships .
that can be hell for someone who &apos;s trying to recharge .
nothing in the culture allows you to say , &quot; i like you and i want our friendship to continue , but i need you to go away so i can get back the energy i &apos;ve expended on interacting with you . &quot;
try to sense when a fellow student is exhausted from socialising - and maybe text instead of knocking .
speaking of knocking : do it .
one guy in my student halls had a policy that if a door wasn &apos;t locked he was invited in .
he saw some things .
make friends through baking .
since you &apos;re starting uni at the height of bake-off mania , knocking on people &apos;s doors to introduce yourself with a plate of brownies seems marginally less weird , less 1950s &quot; welcome to the neighbourhood , i baked you something , now smile as i ask you personal questions . &quot;
offering homemade treats is a great way to make friends .
your housemates will feel obliged to chat , and may end up associating your face with a tasty surprise .
obviously this is subject to you being a decent baker .
poorly-fused lumps of flour , sugar and fat are more likely to make people pretend to be asleep when you knock .
stealing food is a common crime in student halls .
obviously nicking someones chicken is theft , but is taking a drop of milk for your tea stealing ?
double check with the milk owner .
chances are they &apos;ll tell you to help yourself even if they &apos;re seething inside .
if someone steals your stuff , it &apos;s annoying and you have my sympathies - but try to deal with it more maturely than my hallmate , who tainted her milk with washing-up liquid to punish those who stole it .
she &apos;s in jail now .
you shouldn &apos;t make noise that keeps people from sleeping or studying .
this isn &apos;t just to be a decent human , but because you are the proverbial people in glass houses .
a girl on my corridor asked her neighbour if they wouldn &apos;t mind turning down the drum and bass because it was 3am and she had an exam in the morning .
they responded by turning it up .
when they finally shut up at 5am , she kindly let them sleep for two hours before blasting her own music , locking her door as she left for her three-hour exam .
wouldn &apos;t it be romantic if your future spouse happened to move into the same hall as you ?
conversely , wouldn &apos;t it be knuckle-bitingly awkward if you mistook a hallmate for your future spouse , hooked up , broke up and had to see them every day and possibly watch them get custody of all your mutual friends ?
of course , the heart wants what it wants - but if a hot hallmate is definitely not your future spouse , try to at least talk some sense into your groin .
in the exhilarating moment you realise someone &apos;s left their keys inside their unlocked room , the line between pranking and bullying is finer than it seems .
a good prank is funny , but takes moments to reverse .
teach a valuable and amusing lesson about security by hiding something - but never trash someone &apos;s room with toothpaste and shampoo .
lock their door and put their keys in a glass of water , which you then put in the freezer - but don &apos;t blu-tack their possessions to the ceiling more than twice .
terraced houses for refugees , single parents , low earners
property entrepreneur markus gildner is building terraced houses in the middle franconian town of eckental for people who do not have much money .
for example for refugees – but also as a sign : &quot; not only refugees need accommodation , but also single mothers and people on low incomes . &quot;
&quot; i am demonstrating how it is still possible to build economically and well nowadays , &quot; says the 44-year-old in an interview .
thousands of refugees are pushing their way onto the housing market .
entrepreneur marcus gildner believes he knows how quickly economical housing can be developed : with this project he is building terraced houses for refugees .
mr gildner , thousands of refugees are coming onto the housing market .
what solution are you offering ?
markus gildner : mass accommodation in containers and gyms is not sustainable .
because most of the people will be staying here .
we will also need sufficient housing space to accommodate the influx of refugees over the next decades .
a totally standard three-storey terraced house is the solution .
gildner : a terraced house needs little space .
it facilitates integration .
it is different when the people are housed in blocks of flats .
each of the six houses which are currently being built in the pilot project consists of three living units each for four asylum seekers .
each living unit has two bedrooms , one bathroom , one kitchen and a lounge .
it &apos;s possible that many refugees will say ; now that peace has returned i &apos;m going back .
then the houses can easily be converted for different uses .
what are the costs ?
gildner : the price for 160 m ² of living space per house amounts to € 184,000 without land .
that is manageable .
construction took six months .
that is reasonable .
did building regulations complicate your plans ?
gildner : i carried out my project in accordance with building regulations .
the sword of damocles threatening special building projects , and parking space regulations , always make it complicated .
scary .
it is still assumed that anyone creating three flats in a terraced house needs at least three parking places .
except that there is not enough space in towns .
and refugees and asylum seekers have no cars .
how have residents reacted to your terraced house project ?
gildner : there were some who accused me of building luxury accommodation for asylum seekers .
that is definitely not true .
but aren &apos;t you making the competition for affordable housing worse ?
gildner : the truth is over the last five years we have had a building boom in germany , but it is luxury accommodation that has been built , which hardly anybody can afford any longer .
my project gives the message that normal people need housing space too .
not only refugees need accommodation , but also single mothers and people on low incomes .
i am demonstrating how it is still possible to build economically and well nowadays .
this is what it is about .
marcus gildner ( 44 ) studied microsystems technology in regensburg and initially worked in environmental analysis .
ios 9 : how to get new iphone operating system , as apple update is released
the new operating system can be requested by heading to the settings app , tapping &quot; general , &quot; and then selecting &quot; software update . &quot;
if it &apos;s ready , the phone will give you the option to download and then install it .
some have run into problems after that installation , being hit by an error message telling them that &quot; software update failed . &quot;
to get around that , users are recommended either to wait for the rush to die down , or to try and upgrade through itunes .
the phone itself will guide you through the rest of the process .
that might include deleting apps to make space - but apple has made that less likely by slimming down the update , and also easier to do using a special tool that will suggest apps to delete and then re-install them once the process is over .
it &apos;s worth ensuring that your phone is charged or near a charger while the update happens , so that it doesn &apos;t run out of battery .
if the charge is too low , apple won &apos;t let the update go ahead , since the phone dying halfway through could lead to the update breaking .
read more : ios 9 release still on track despite watchos delay ios 9 review : the least exciting and best update ever ios 9 : how to prepare for new iphone operating system
you should also make sure that you &apos;ve been through our checklist of all the things to do before you download , to try and stop things going wrong and protect against them if they do. ios 9 brings new features including a much cleverer personal assistant and huge new productivity features for the ipad , as well as tweaks that speed up and fix the operating system .
rosberg &apos;s only motto : full attack
nico rosberg knows only one motto in his fight for the formula one world championship title against his clearly leading mercedes teammate lewis hamilton : &quot; full attack &quot; .
the world championship runner-up stressed before the start of the decisive seven overseas races &quot; that i &apos;ve got nothing more to lose &quot; .
before the night race in singapore this sunday , 53 points divide the vice world champion from the titleholder and two times champion hamilton .
the brit has already won seven of the 12 races of the season to date and is also starting the floodlit grand prix in the city state as favourite .
in 2009 and in the preceding year the 30-year-old brit was able to win the race .
whether the current smog in the city state will have any influence on the grand prix in singapore is as yet unclear .
a pall of smog has been hanging over the city for days , caused by fires on the neighbouring island of sumatra .
bad kissinger chess club has a prominent member
the &quot; chess friends of bad kissingen &quot; chess club , founded three months ago , has admitted another member to its ranks , taking the number of members to 19 players .
the new member is businessman paul gauselmann , a passionate chess and tennis player , who has stayed in bad kissingen more than 40 times for spa treatments .
gauselmann is a holder of the federal cross of merit 1st class and is a freeman of the towns of espelkamp and lübbecke .
gauselmann supported the chess club in bad kissingen with a donation which was accepted by chairman alfred klein .
this makes it possible to take on members who cannot afford the membership fee
youth work and talent searches can also be pursued .
gauselmann wants his membership of the chess club as well as his friendly contact with the &quot; red-white &quot; tennis club to be seen as an expression of his ties with the spa town .
accommodation office seeks face-to-face contact
saludis and the antonistift retirement centre have grouped together under the mantle of a social foundation and opened a new contact point on graf-stauffenberg-platz .
in addition to obtaining advice it is also possible to participate in courses there .
the social foundation is moving down from the mountain into the town centre .
more precisely , to graf-stauffenberg-platz .
a new accommodation office will be opening there shortly .
here , directly next to the shopping centre , senior citizens and other people seeking advice can with immediate effect receive information on issues such as nursing insurance or the services of nursing and health insurance companies .
with our outpatient care service we have for years realised that family caregivers are often left alone .
this raises numerous questions .
&quot; not infrequently , too , many services provided by insurers are not used because the complexity of the insurance is so difficult to understand , &quot; the new manager , jutta weigand , who as head of the services division for old people &apos;s welfare is also responsible for the antonistift and the bürgerspital as well as for &quot; amadeus &quot; outpatient services , explained .
apart from advice , the new accommodation office also offers courses in prevention , health and wellness .
saludis has been taken on board for this .
as a result , additional offerings such as prevention of falls , memory training or physiotherapy treatment are also available .
the offers from the senior citizens centre and from saludis complement each other perfectly .
saludis represents prevention , precaution , and rehabilitation .
&quot; the senior citizens &apos; centre for care and nursing , &quot; is how heike riedel , managing director of saludis describes it .
both managers see the reason behind the opening of the new accommodation office in the town centre as democratic change ,
as this makes a good decentralised infrastructure in the individual districts of bamberg essential in the future .
furthermore , as mayor wolfgang metzner ( spd ) underlined at the opening ceremony , the accommodation office is also dedicated to dealing with the isolation of old people . &quot; there are numerous activities and offers on the programme and these extend invitations to regular social gatherings &quot; .
thus the social foundation makes a big contribution towards making senior citizens as independent as possible and towards enabling them to live well in their familiar environment .
the accommodation office is open monday , wednesday and friday from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. , tuesday and thursday from 4 p.m. to 6 p.m. and saturdays from 10 a.m. to 12 p.m.
eintracht bamberg vs würzburger kickers on 6 october
it &apos;s now official : after the fixture for the fc eintracht bamberg match against third leaguers würzburger kickers could not be settled due to repair works at the fuchspark stadium , the date has now been set for 6 october .
the meeting between fc eintracht bamberg and third league fc würzburger kickers in the last 16 of the bavarian football pools cup is now finally scheduled .
the match will kick-off on tuesday , 6 october at 7 p.m. in bamberg &apos;s fuchspark stadium .
&quot; we are happy that we now know when the match is going to happen ; we can make plans now , &quot; says fce team manager karlheinzhümmer , confirming that ticket sales are now open .
it &apos;s something special for our team to be playing against a third league team .
we are hoping to get a large number of spectators , and not without reason , because floodlit games have a special appeal .
fc eintracht bamberg moved into the last 16 with their victory against district league no . 1 fc oberhaid ( 3 : 1 ) and at home against regional league no . 1 fc schweinfurt 05 ( 3 : 2 ) .
the winner of the competition receives € 5000 and qualifies for the first round of the dfb club cup 2016 / 2017 .
the defending champions are spvgg unterhaching , who have been relegated to the third league .
viennese architect karl mang dies at the age of 92
karl mang , one of the doyens of viennese architecture , is dead .
he died on 5 september at the age of 92 , according to the künstlerhaus on tuesday .
in meng the künstlerhaus has lost an honourary member and at the same time &quot; one of the most important architects of the second half of the 20th century in vienna , &quot; it is reported .
born in vienna in 1922 , meng studied architecture at the technical university in vienna under friedrich lehmann during and after the second world war .
he worked from 1952 as a freelance architect , but was also a teacher , writer and institute director .
from 1972 to 1983 he was president of the austrian institute for design .
in the 1980s he was commissioned with the establishment of the treasury chamber in the vienna hofburg and the renovation of the palais lobkowitz in the austrian theatre museum .
parking penalty : tim wiese throws money at traffic warden
ex-footballer tim wiese attracts the wrong sort of attention in bremen
he was once a footballer but now tim wiese , ex-national goalie for germany who also played for bremen and hoffenheim , is a wrestler .
according to him he wanted to put on 30 kg of muscle mass in the past two years .
on the other hand he hasn &apos;t put on any intellectual weight .
wiese was just having his hair cut in the centre of bremen when outside he saw a traffic warden putting a penalty notice on his white chevrolet camaro .
wiese stormed out of the hairdressers , abused the officer and threw down the money for the fine at her feet , according to a report in the &quot; bild &quot; newspaper .
the accusation has been confirmed by the town of bremen but it is not yet known what the consequences of this extraordinary incident will be .
&quot; the matter is still being investigated , &quot; says a spokesperson for the town of bremen .
only after that will it be decided whether charges are going to be pressed against wiese .
authorities in panama destroy 4500 marijuana plants .
the fertile ground and the rainforest climate of isla del rey are ideal for growing marijuana plants .
three days ago the authorities in panama tore out the 4,500 plants and burnt them .
men set upon 17-year-old afgan
police are seeking witnesses to an incident in bad soden-salmünster . at about 11.45 on friday evening , three young men were walking from bad soden in the direction of salmünster .
according to police one of the group , a 17-year-old afghan , was walking about five metres behind his friends and called out to them for them to wait for him .
at this point the group were level with the bft petrol station .
three people were standing on the petrol station premises .
one of these men shouted at the youth and hit him in the face with his fist .
this broke the victim &apos;s nose and his nose bled heavily .
one of his two friends ran to him and begged the attacker to let the victim go .
the injured young man was taken home by his friends .
the perpetrator followed the group to their home in a car and drove past it several times in an ostentatious manner .
as soon as they could no longer see the car , the injured man went outside the building to smoke a cigarette .
there he was attacked again by his original attacker and another male .
using a club , they beat the victim in the face and upper leg .
the injured man had to be taken to hospital for medical care .
up to now there is only a vague description of the perpetrators .
one was a man of about 5ft 11in tall .
the second attacker was about 5ft 5in tall and was dressed in jeans and a brown and white shirt .
police are asking any possible witnesses to contact them by telephone on 0049 6181 100 123 .
dr frank müller takes over felstehausen practice and invests € 310,000
sylvia müller-gongoll and frank müller ( from left ) take over practice from karl-heinrich and ursel felstehausen .
the mayor of the joint community , bernd bormann , business sponsor uta seim-schwartz and asendorf &apos;s mayor heinfried kabbert are delighted at this turn of events .
many areas in the country have no doctor – asendorf by contrast is fortunate : on 1 october dr frank müller is taking over the felstehausen practice .
while ursel felstehausen is retiring , her husband karl-heinrich will spend the next few months working part-time with his successor .
dr müller reopens the practice on 12 october after a period of renovation ; by then he will have invested € 310,000 in the premises at st.-marcellusstrasse 6 .
when the felstehausens met frank müller and his wife dr silvia müller-gongoll , who at the time were finishing their residencies in verden hospital and also wanted to take on a practice in the next few years , they liked each other immediately
&quot; it was always in the back of our minds that the müllers would fit into this practice well , &quot; says dr ursel felstehausen and laughs .
&quot; when we were ready , i simply called them up . &quot;
the müller couple liked the idea of running their own practice in asendorf in the future .
&quot; the proximity and the continuous contact with the patients are attractive to us , &quot; says 39-year-old müller .
&quot; we want to get to know the families and support them over the years . &quot;
he also sees being his own boss as a benefit .
and so it was agreed that the müllers would buy the house with the practice .
however in the meantime they are living in bruchhausen-vilsen .
father of two frank müller also grew up there and after his medical studies in hanover he worked in a number of medical practices as well as in hospitals in sulingen , nienburg und rotenburg .
he is currently working as a consultant in sulingen , furthermore he was appointed chief emergency doctor in the county of diepholz in 2009 and was involved on a voluntary basis in the blood donation service in bruchhausen-vilsen .
from 19 september the practice will be preparing for the new boss .
while surgeon dr karl-heinrich felstehausen worked as a general practitioner , his wife ursel ( a specialist in internal medicine ) specialised in gastroenterology .
the müllers , both specialists in internal medicine , wanted to establish themselves as general practitioners .
&quot; so it &apos;s out with the endoscopy , &quot; says 38-year-old sylvia müller-gongoll .
after the conversion the rooms will look more modern .
we will offer more ultrasound examinations as well as long-term and stress ekgs and we need one more consulting room .
the it system will also be completely renewed .
the müllers are receiving a grant totalling € 50,000 as part of a funding programme from the county ( € 2,500 ) as well as from the joint community ( € 12,500 ) and the local authority ( € 12,500 ) .
&quot; this shows how proud and happy we are that the practice will carry on , &quot; stressed the mayor of the joint community bernd bormann .
according to sylvia müller-gongoll , some 2,000 patients visit the felstehausen practice every quarter ; in north germany the average practice sees about 500 .
there is another gp practice in asendorf .
frank müller says that there is another side benefit of their taking over the practice : according to ursel felstehausen , the chemist will stay in asendorf .
if they hadn &apos;t found any successor , it would have closed down .
anyone visiting the müllers &apos; surgery will also first of all see familiar faces : they are taking over the seven medical assistants and the cleaner from the felstehausens .
with their leaving , an era ends in asendorf ; after all the doctors have had their practice there for 30 years .
&quot; we started with only two rooms , &quot; remembers ursel felstehausen with a grin .
after such a long time she feels a little wistful .
&quot; but we &apos;ll still be living in hohenmoor and i &apos;m sure we will be seeing many of our patients often , &quot; says the internal medicine specialist .
her husband adds with a smile , &quot; we &apos;ve got a 6000 m ² garden . &quot;
&quot; up to now i haven &apos;t done much gardening , that might change now . &quot;
the couple also have two grandchildren and enjoy travelling .
croatia : &quot; we are letting the refugees through &quot;
&quot; border control is being brought in now on our southern border too , &quot; says interior minister johanna mikl-leitner .
in parallel , checks on the hungarian border remain in place .
it is still a priority that anyone wanting to claim asylum can &quot; of course &quot; do so .
the care and safety of people is paramount .
it is equally clear &quot; that obvious signals are needed , &quot; says the minister .
people must know that we do not accept an unlimited flow of migration , and not over the austrian-slovenian border either .
a controlled procedure is required
croatia is considering a &quot; corridor &quot; - slovenia has refused .
the croatian government had earlier announced that slovenia also wanted to let incoming refugees travel through towards austria and germany , and also potentially establish corridors for the refugees .
however , interior minister vesna györkös znidar in laibach did not see it in quite the same light .
the idea of corridors is &quot; absolutely unacceptable , &quot; sloveina intends rather to step up its surveillance of the borders - especially the border to hungary .
the border with croatia , as the external border to the schengen area , is however already heavily controlled .
but as the minister stressed , slovenia is not suggesting sealing its borders for refugees .
&quot; every member of the eu has to fulfill its obligations , otherwise the system cannot work , &quot; stressed györkös znidar .
according to the croatian government , the first refugees attempted to enter eastern croatia on monday night over the tovarnik / sid border crossing , in order to avoid registration .
the croatian police were able to pick them up in the nearby maize field .
since then , according to local media , police vehicles are constantly coming across new refugees in croatian tavarnik .
they are mostly syrian and afghans , among them many women and children .
the emergency sevices and the red cross are also already in place .
interior minister ranko ostojic says that his country is expecting around 4000 refugees in the next few days .
in addition it was reported by both croatian and serbian media on wednesday that buses from presevo on the macedonian-serbian border , which have up to now taken migrants to the hungarian border , are being diverted to croatia
the government in belgrade denied , however , that it is the case that they are giving people instructions to take certain routes . &quot; we neither can nor want to do that , &quot; they stated .
according to media reports , at least one bus with around 50 refugees arrived in the serbian border town of sid in the early hours , and in the course of the day more buses are expected .
over croatia , slovenia and austria to germany
the detainees were travelling the entire night through serbia from the macedonian border , about 500 kilometres away .
&quot; we heard that hungary is closed , so the police said we should come here , &quot; said one of the refugees .
they wanted to go through croatia , slowenia and austria to get to germany .
this implies that a shift in the former balkan route through turkey , greece , macedonia , serbia and hungary to a route somewhat further to the west , which observers have already predicted , could actually now be happening .
croatia : &quot; widespread options for border control &quot;
croatian interior minister ostojic had previously stressed that his country has already prepared appropriate plans for potential exceptional situations in the event of a large influx of refugees .
he gave no details , but he indicated that croatia , as a non-member of the schengen treaty , has &quot; widespread options for border control . &quot;
rigorous checks are carried out in order to qualify for membership in the schegen area .
slovenia has been a member since 2007 , since when its eu partners have presented a consistently good report on the country as far as border controls are concerned .
there are also some 300 refugees stuck on the serbian side behind the hungarian border fence .
according to media reports from belgrade , they spent the past night at the horgos border crossing , which leads to röszke .
the hungarian authorities claim that both the horgos and the backi breg border crossings also remain completely closed .
whether the remaining refugees now want to travel on to the croatian border is still not clear .
at a local appearance on wednesday morning , the serbian interior minister , nebojsa stefanovic , tried to reassure people : he considers the debate on the refugees &apos; alternative routes after the closure of the hungarian border to be premature .
at the moment there is not a large number of refugees involved .
it is not yet possible to say whether they will continue their journey over hungary , croatia or another country .
aid workers advise migrants to take - dangerous - alternative routes .
but private hungarian aid workers have already started to distribute maps marked with alternative routes through croatia to refugees
the border crossing between serbia and croatia is however not without danger : in parts of the border region , even 20 years after the end of the croatian war , there are still uncleared minefields .
on wednesday afternoon the croatian police announced that a team of minesweepers has been sent to the border region .
stock exchange hacker : ukrainians pay $ 30 million
supranonok belonged to a ring of cyber criminals who since 2010 have repeatedly been accused of providing inside views of as yet unpublished financial reports and press releases on websites such as business wire , marketwired and pr newswire .
the information provided enabled insider dealing on the financial markets .
by this means , according to investigators , a total of over $ 100 million was scammed .
&quot; current information indicates that even those outside our national borders have finally been caught , &quot; an sec report states .
proceedings against 32 other suspects in this case are continuing .
most of the accused come from the ukraine and georgia .
the perpetrators were operating out of both the usa and eastern europe .
ecumenical hospice care celebrates 20 years in mannheim
business rules around the paradeplatz in mannheim
people carry out their errands , some of them walking briskly , some of them strolling along in a leisurely fashion .
they head for the two branches of the mannheim car showroom .
trams stop .
pulsing , vibrant life in the brilliant autumn sunshine , and right in the middle are four big blackboards each bearing the words , &quot; before i die i want to … &quot;
the ecumenical hospice care organisation is carrying out this campaign to raise awareness of their 20th anniversary , and is encountering extremely mixed reactions .
&quot; it &apos;s about life , which is why we are carrying out this campaign in the middle of the town , right among the people , &quot; says josefine lammer .
the head of ecumenical hospice care is also available to answer questions from and have discussions with passers-by , as are voluntary workers .
while many passers-by impulsively grab the chalk and complete the sentence with &quot; affirm my life &quot; , &quot; be able to read &quot; , &quot; drive through the usa in a camper van &quot; , &quot; stop war &quot; or &quot; not suffer for long &quot; , others stop briefly , read , say things like &quot; i &apos;m not ready for that yet &quot; , and carry on .
again and again little discussions develop in corners about the campaign itself , about life , about dealing with dying .
peter hübinger is also there now .
&quot; it &apos;s only when i consider that some day the end of this world is going to come for me that i can live responsibly , &quot; says the director of the protestant social charity diakonischen werk in mannheim , which is a responsible body along with the caritas association for ecumenical hospice care .
which is why these high visibility campaigns are good for the 20-year-old organisation .
of course it &apos;s understandable that not everyone wants to share their message publicly on the blackboards ; in the end it &apos;s a very personal matter .
the topics of life and death are still steeped in taboos , according to josefine lammer &apos;s experience , although the hospice movement even over the last few years has done much to help people to accept it .
a perception shared by angelika godefroid .
the volunteer worker , who helps people to deal with death and grief , has been with the organisation from the start .
having been confronted with personal experiences of these issues she read a lot of literature and decided she wanted to get involved in helping people who are dying .
when the ecumenical hospice care organisation appealed for volunteer helpers , she signed up immediately and was with them when they started up in 1995 .
godefroid belongs to a team of 45 volunteers - 43 women and two men - who help those people affected and their relatives in private households , hospitals , care homes and in the sankt vincent hospice .
they are all carefully trained .
angelika godefroid is particularly well suited to handling this job and the experiences and everything it entails .
&quot; i see life from a different point of view , i believe it is precious and i seize the moment , &quot; she says .
the outpatient services offered by the ecumenical hospice organisation are free of charge and denominationally independent .
financial support from health insurance companies and donations by members enable education as well as training sessions , and training and supervision for palliative care providers and grief counsellors .
training for new staff is offered every two years .
the blackboards , with the messages written on them on saturday , are now on display in the evangelical church ( m1 , 1a ) and the catholic church ( f2 , 6 ) .
anyone who wants to can also write their own personal wishes on postcards there .
fedex earnings mixed , lowers fiscal 2016 outlook
fedex reported disappointing results for its latest quarter , and the delivery giant cut its full-year profit forecast on weaker demand for freight services and higher costs in its ground division .
the company also said it plans to hire about 55,000 seasonal workers for the holidays .
at this time last year , fedex announced it would hire 50,000 seasonal workers for the holidays .
its shares fell about 2.5 percent in premarket trading 45 minutes ahead of wednesday &apos;s opening bell .
fedex corp. said that it expects to earn between $ 10.40 and $ 10.90 for the fiscal year that ends next may , down 20 cents from an earlier prediction .
analysts expected $ 10.84 , according to a survey by factset .
the reduced outlook comes despite rate hikes averaging 4.9 percent , which will take effect jan. 4 , and higher surcharges for ground shipment of heavy or large packages , which begin in november .
the company said it still expects earnings to grow over the previous year because of cost-cutting , higher revenue and growth in online commerce .
chairman and ceo fred smith said the company was &quot; performing solidly given weaker-than-expected economic conditions , especially in manufacturing and global trade . &quot;
the holiday-hiring plans were announced a day after rival ups said that that it plans to hire 90,000 to 95,000 extra workers , about the same that it hired last year .
in the quarter that ended aug. 31 , fedex earned $ 692 million , up 6 percent from a year earlier .
earnings per share amounted to $ 2.42 , short of the $ 2.44 per share average forecast of 12 analysts surveyed by zacks investment research .
revenue rose 5 percent , to $ 12.3 billion .
six analysts surveyed by zacks expected $ 12.23 billion .
fedex has been hit in recent years by a decline in priority international shipping , which has caused revenue in its express unit to stagnate .
but the boom in online shopping has boosted results at fedex ground .
in the latest quarter , ground revenue rose 29 percent but operating income was basically flat on higher costs for larger packages and self-insurance .
the express unit saw higher income because of higher base rates , while income fell in the freight business on higher labor costs .
in premarket trading about an hour before the opening bell , fedex shares were down $ 3.85 , or 2.5 percent , to $ 150.15 .
they closed tuesday down 11 percent for the year and 17 percent below a record high on june 11 .
at their most anticipated meeting in years , federal reserve policymakers will spend two days this week seated around a 27-foot honduran mahogany table deciding if it &apos;s time to raise a key interest rate for the first time in nearly a decade .
looming over them at one end of the central bank &apos;s ornate , two-story boardroom will be a mural of the united states .
the map is a reminder that fed chairwoman janet l. yellen and her colleagues are supposed to put the nation &apos;s economic interests above all others .
the central bank has a dual charge from congress : maximize u.s. employment and keep prices here stable .
but since the great recession , fed leaders have acknowledged that there &apos;s an unwritten third mandate : financial stability .
and that third mandate could be the x-factor in a too-close-to-predict decision , to be announced thursday , about whether the u.s. economy is ready to start being weaned from the unprecedented stimulus provided by the near-zero short-term interest rate in place since late 2008 .
even though most data show the economy growing solidly , the recent turmoil in global financial markets could make already-cautious fed officials skittish about adding to the volatility by raising their benchmark federal funds rate - even by no more than a mere quarter of a percentage point .
&quot; obviously the labor market and inflation is going to be first and foremost the most important thing they watch , &quot; said lindsey m. piegza , chief economist at brokerage firm stifel nicolaus &amp; co .
&quot; but i think if they were looking for an excuse not to raise the rate , the increased uncertainty surrounding the global marketplace is enough to provide them with justification to wait further , &quot; she said .
there &apos;s no consensus about what the fed will do , which in itself is causing financial market jitters .
about half of economists surveyed recently by bloomberg predicted a rate increase this week .
financial markets , however , are expecting the fed to hold off , with a key indicator showing only about a 30 % chance of a boost .
that would point to a stock market drop if the fed raises the rate , unless policymakers were to soften the blow by promising that another increase would be a ways off .
on tuesday , the dow jones industrial average jumped 228.89 points , or 1.4 % , to 16,599.85 .
the rally was triggered by expectations that fed policymakers will hold the rate steady this week , said john lonski , chief economist at moody &apos;s capital markets research group .
&quot; it would be a surprise if the fed hiked rates at this point in time , &quot; he said .
if fed policymakers did , &quot; they would have to go to great lengths in their policy statement to hold financial markets &apos; hands so they don &apos;t panic . &quot;
other experts argued that a rate increase would calm financial markets because it would remove uncertainty about when the fed would act .
just a month ago , the fed seemed on track to raise the rate by 0.25 percentage point this month , the first small step in a slow tightening of monetary conditions that would validate the strength of the u.s. recovery .
yellen had said through the spring and early summer that she expected a rate increase this year despite complaints from liberals that more economic progress was needed .
although job creation slowed in august , labor market growth has been solid this year .
the unemployment rate dropped to 5.1 % last month , the lowest in more than seven years and near the level the fed considers to be full employment .
wage gains have shown signs of picking up .
and although inflation continued to run below the central bank &apos;s annual 2 % target , fed policymakers said a key reason was the temporary effect of sharply lower oil prices .
the economy &quot; can cope with higher rates , and needs them , given the tightness of the labor market , &quot; said ian shepherdson , chief economist at pantheon macroeconomics .
but financial markets around the world started convulsing late last month after china devalued its currency .
the dow jones industrial average dropped as much as 16 % below its record high in may as investors feared a slowing chinese economy would drag down global growth .
the market has rebounded somewhat this month , with the dow now down nearly 10 % from the may high .
for fed policymakers , the market turmoil adds to the complex calculus of when to raise the interest rate .
&quot; absent what happened in financial markets and the news about the weakness in the chinese economy over the past couple weeks , they would be tightening at this meeting , &quot; said stephen d. oliner , a senior research fellow at the ucla ziman center for real estate and a former fed official .
now , he predicts they &apos;ll wait at least a month to get a better handle on the effects .
&quot; there &apos;s a lot of uncertainty about what the impacts on the u.s. economy are going to be , and they have almost no data to rely on that post-dates the developments in china , &quot; oliner said .
the health of the global economy isn &apos;t one of the fed &apos;s primary concerns , so technically it shouldn &apos;t be factored into its decision-making .
but , in effect , the fed has become the monetary authority of the world .
the central bank &apos;s influence in recent years has been enormous .
the mere hint by then-chairman ben s. bernanke in 2013 that the fed might &quot; taper &quot; its monetary expansion triggered market convulsions around the globe .
in a world where markets and economies are increasingly intertwined , fed officials can be expected not only to monitor the developments elsewhere but also to consult with other central bankers and experts to get a better read on the global economy .
its decision-making process is &quot; more art than science , &quot; said zachary karabell , head of global strategy for wealth-management firm envestnet inc .
jeffrey lacker , president of the federal reserve bank of richmond , va . , noted this month that &quot; the fed has a history of overreacting to financial market movements that seem unconnected to economic fundamentals . &quot;
lacker , a voting member of the policymaking federal open market committee who has been pushing for a rate increase , cited decisions in 1998-99 as an example .
a financial crisis in asia led the fed to cut its benchmark rate by 0.75 percentage point over three meetings &quot; despite limited identifiable implications for u.s. growth , &quot; lacker said .
a year later , fed officials reversed those cuts .
the fed should put financial stability concerns first only during a major crisis , such as the 2008 market meltdown , said adam s. posen , a former member of the bank of england &apos;s rate-setting committee .
the latest turmoil doesn &apos;t come close to that level , he said .
&quot; you certainly don &apos;t want to be put in a situation of being scared of a rate hike because markets got upset , &quot; said posen , president of the peterson institute for international economics .
the federal reserve act still has the dual mandate and does not mention financial stability , and until that is changed , i don &apos;t think they should get ahead of the curve .
need a great thai market ?
try lax-c in chinatown .
yes , chinatown
the market / warehouse opened in 1997 and is owned by lax-c inc .
frequently referred to as the thai costco , lax-c is a wholesale thai market that also sells to the public .
yes , it &apos;s in chinatown and not thai town .
the market / warehouse is a one-stop shop , offering an dizzying array of fresh , frozen and dried goods , popular thai and asian snacks , and kitchenware , furniture , religious and holiday decorations .
there &apos;s even an automotive section if you need to pick up some motor oil .
the store is massive , and it will take over an hour to comb through all the aisles .
if all that shopping makes you hungry , grab a meal at the lax-c bbq express .
the store &apos;s indoor food stall ( good , inexpensive ) is near the registers , and has various takeout options .
what it stocks : need something - anything - thai ?
lax-c probably has it .
items are reasonably priced , and a number of items are sold in bulk .
fresh produce includes specialty asian and regional thai herbs , fruits and more .
the meat counter is extensive , as is the fish - the staff behind the counter will clean and fillet fish , and even fry it for you if you &apos;d like .
a good portion of the store is given over to the massive freezer section , where you &apos;ll find frozen curry leaves , bitter melon and galangal , whole ducks , fish , beef blood and bile , pork casings , fish balls , regional sausages , commercially-prepared foods and more .
who shops there : restaurant owners and chefs , also single families and individuals .
the wide aisles accommodate both shopping carts and forklifts .
the find : fresh monthong durian next to the checkout stand .
where is it : the store is in an industrial part of los angeles hugging the outskirts of chinatown and downtown - a few blocks away from philippe the original .
parking : lax-c has its own lot , which it shares with other shops and restaurants .
while the store can get busy , parking is usually not hard to find .
hoyerswerda : a bit of help for refugees
these days more and more refugees are arriving in germany .
to prepare a warm welcome for them is not just a matter of the commitment of countless voluntary helpers .
in hoyerswerda there is also a whole range of people who unselfishly support asylum seekers in the town .
among these are petra und klaus heine .
petra heine is a dedicated teacher .
even at 74 she still loves teaching .
every thursday she goes to the refugee centre on dillinger strasse .
there she helps refugees from syria , kurdistan , kosovo and pakistan to learn the german language .
of course these lessons are very different from those at a proper school .
brazil &apos;s pediatric society of rio grande promotes healthy breastfeeding diets
brazilian pediatric organization sprs has come up with a shocking way to try and get women to understand the importance of good nutrition while breastfeeding , by featuring images of babies suckling from breasts painted with depictions of unhealthy food .
human breast milk is composed of a variety of proteins , fats , vitamins , and carbohydrates , which give babies all the nutrients they need to grow a strong immune system .
due to excess energy requirements , pregnant women and new moms are advised to increase their daily calorie intake by about 500 calories per day .
however , new research suggests that increasing calorie intake is not the only dietary adjustment mothers should make .
a recent study conducted by robert waterland , a professor at the baylor college of medicine in texas revealed that healthy diets of pregnant women actually affected the genetic expression of their babies and protected them from developing tumors .
unfortunately , unhealthy diets were found to negatively affect the child &apos;s immune system .
exceptions for the new bernried sports hall
bernried district council has approved the planning application for the € 2.3 million sports hall .
and it is making an exception .
the roof may be flatter to accommodate a solar energy system .
planning for the long-awaited sports building on the bernried sports ground are moving ahead step by step : in the latest council meeting the planning application was approved unanimously without any great discussion .
the committee had earlier agreed , among other things , to an &quot; exception &quot; , or rather an &quot; exemption &quot; under building law to the applicable building plan .
the &quot; exception &quot; refers to permission for a special shape for the roof structure .
according to this a &quot; gable roof with an off-centre ridge and roof overhang &quot; will be constructed .
the background for the plan is the planned use of the roof surface for solar panels . &quot; this means we will have a wonderfully large south-facing roof , &quot; explained mayor josef steigenberger at the meeting .
the &quot; exemption &quot; on the other hand refers to the roof pitch , which for energy reasons - contrary to the stipulations in the development plan - will be less than 10 degrees .
this will reduce the volume of the hall .
therefore an &quot; exemption &quot; is necessary , since the development plan allows no &quot; exceptions &quot; with regard to roof pitch - while the bernried council as a rule has a more restrictive approach to requests for exemptions .
the sports hall is however more of a recurring project . &quot; we are not setting a precedent with this , &quot; says steigenberger .
the hall at the sports centre is a joint project between the district and sv bernried .
costs have been calculated at around € 2.3 million .
contributions are expected through funding from schools and popular sports .
in the next step of the project , the planning application for the 18 x 36 metre hall will be presented to the district administration for review .
peissenberg clinic moves to schongau .
the peissenberg hospital is closing earlier than planned – in 2016 .
at the same time dr wilhelm fischer ( 66 ) will become the new medical director at the schongau hospital .
the wards and the majority of employees are moving to schongau from peissenberg .
this allows for the district &apos;s limited company hospital &apos;s surprising plans , confirms district administrator andrea jochner-weiss .
the board of directors , however , will come to a decision about this and they meet next wednesday , 23 september .
if these plans are implemented , then all the nearly 50 employees at the hospital in peissenberg will remain in employment .
the vast majority will move with fischer and the internal medicine ward that still continues to exist to schongau .
the premises are available .
those employees who are not able to go to schongau will be offered positions in weilheim , according to jochner-weiss .
employees have been informed about the plans .
the changes were triggered by the resignation of dr andreas eder , who has been clinical director of the schongau clinic since the beginning of the year and is now moving to a private practice in the immediate vicinity of the hospital .
when the question of who his successor should be , according to jochner-weiss , the name of &quot; fischer &quot; , who had declared that he was prepared to take over leadership from 1 october and move with his team to schongau , was raised .
for the schongau hospital , these changes mean an &quot; upgrade &quot; and an expansion of the services offered in the field of internal medicine , says jochner-weiss .
fisher is a specialist in cardiac pacemakers and defibrillators .
schongau ( 180 beds ) specialises in gastroenterological disorders in its internal medicine department .
in the transitionary period over the next two years fischer and his team , if the board of management agrees to this , will run both establishments , and in the next year the former miners &apos; hospital in peissenberg , which still has over 35 beds , will finally be closed after almost 140 years .
thus far the district has planned this for 2018 , when the currently ongoing restoration of the weilheim hospital is finished .
district administrator jochner-weiss , who is also chairman of the board of management , contradicts rumours that the building , which is owned by the federal association for miners , will in the future be used as accommodation for asylum seekers .
&quot; i can rule that out . &quot; what will happen to the building , jochner-weiss cannot say ; that needs more consideration .
at the moment a caritas short-term care facility and a daytime psychiatric facility are housed there .
&quot; it &apos;s the best thing that could have happened for us ; we won &apos;t get this sort of opportunity again , &quot; says fischer about the move to the lech , which has been accepted &quot; positively and with understanding &quot; by employees .
real prospects for the building where fischer has worked for over 30 years as chief physician do not really exist .
he was asked by his colleagues at schongau to take over the post of medical director .
the piessenberg hospital , which once had 100 beds , has been constantly under threat of closure over the last decades . departments have been closed , for example surgery and obstetrics .
the handballers of rhein-neckar löwen are being challenged this evening ( 8 : 15 p.m. ) at bergischer hc .
the leaders of the bundesliga are the clear favourites in wuppertal , however there are no grounds for arrogance .
in the past season the baden team suffered a painful defeat at bhc and they have some ground to make up there .
two injured in hunting accident near pratau
two tractor drivers were seriously injured when they were shot during the maize harvest on tuesday afternooon .
a number of huntsmen were in action on a corn field near pratau ( wittenburg district ) during the harvest , according to police .
after shots were fired , two men , one 63 and the other 22 , suffered severe injuries and were taken to hospital .
the precise cause of the accident was initially unclear .
criminal investigators are trying to determine the details .
missing 16-year-old from rhineland-palatine the victim of violent crime
a suspect has led the police to the body of a 16-year-old from rhineland-palatine who has been missing since saturday .
when questioned the 20-year-old admitted to having killed the teenager and thrown her body into a canal in rockenhausen .
sixteen-year-old missing from rhineland-palatine since saturday is the victim of a violent crime .
the body of a young woman was found on tuesday evening in rockenhausen near kaiserslautern the public prosecutor &apos;s office and police reported on wednesday .
a 20-year-old suspect , who confessed to the crime and led investigators to the site where the body was found , was arrested also on tuesday evening .
the 16-year-old was reported as missing sunday morning when she did not return home as agreed after attending an autumn party in rockenhausen .
in their search for the young woman , investigators initially found personal items belonging to the victim .
interviews with the missing girl &apos;s circle of friends and acquaintances ultimately resulted in 20-year-old becoming a suspect .
the presumed perpetrator then led the police to a canal in rockenhausen , where the body was found .
under interrogation the arrested man confessed the police that he had killed the 16-year-old and thrown her body in the canal .
the 20-year-old will be brought before the magistrate on wednesday ; investigators have reduced the charge to one of manslaughter .
further investigation is being carried out regarding details of the exact circumstances of the crime
refugees need accommodation : study warns of housing gap
the situation in the german housing market is tense
and more and more refugees are seeking an affordable place to stay .
pressure on the housing market is growing .
social housing is facing a challenge .
the struggle for allocations in the german housing market began long ago .
with the arrival of refugees and job seekers from the eu , more and more people are crowding into a market which in many large towns is already overburdened .
they are competing with residents on low incomes for the last affordable homes .
to supply the demand for affordable homes , 400,000 new units must be built every year up to 2020 .
this is the conclusion reached by a study commissioned by the &quot; social housing &quot; federation of associations .
in comparison , 260,000 units were completed in this year in germany .
this amounts to a shortfall of 140,000 homes .
after the first three months of their stay , refugees are no longer obliged to live as asylum seekers in initial reception accommodation .
many then push onto the housing market and stand in long queues in front of rental flats .
according to the german federal statistical office , however , in the last year fewer than half of all asylum seekers have lived as tenants .
the negative development in the housing market , however , is not just due to the increasing numbers of refugees .
the study points to significant failings in housing policy over the last year .
germany has a housing deficit which increases every year .
there is a current shortfall in urban areas of around 770,000 living units laments matthias günther , author of the study .
this is why many professionals in large towns are forced to live in flat shares .
due to the slump in the housing market , young adults of necessity live longer in &quot; hotel mama &quot; .
in large towns over the last few years , the number of square metres per head has decreased for the first time .
in order to solve the problem , the &quot; social housing &quot; alliance suggests a fresh start .
new incentives should revive social housing .
for example land transfer tax could be waived and the land tax for sponsored housing temporarily suspended .
in addition , according to the association , attractive tax depreciation possibilities are necessary .
the kfw state bank &apos;s refugee funding programme has already been well received in towns and local authorities .
on monday evening , a good week after start of the programme , € 184 million – more than half of the around € 300 million which had been made available – had already been requested .
the project may now even be stepped up .
refugees have safe conduct : croatia and slovenia put corridor in place
since hungary has virtually stopped letting them through , the choice of more and more refugees is the route over croatia .
zagreb has announced that they will allow passage over slovenia towards the north without obstacles .
however the route is dangerous .
croatia wants to come to an agreement with neighbouring slovenia about the establishment of a corridor for refugees .
&quot; i have spoken to the slovenian minister for the interior , and if necessary we will organise a corridor , &quot; said croatian minister for the interior ranko ostojic .
slovenia lies between croatia and austria and already belongs to the schengen zone .
eu member croatia is not yet a schengen country .
after the sealing off of the serbian hungarian border , hundreds of refugees set out for croatia in order to reach west europe from there .
five hundred people came over the border at tovarnik , reports croatian television station rtl .
hungary had cordoned off its borders for refugees the previous day .
moreover , new laws which came into force on the same day make fair asylum proceedings in hungary practically redundant .
croatia wants to let the refugees pass through .
the croatian prime minister zoran milanovic explains , &quot; they may pass through and we are preparing ourselves for this possibility &quot; .
these people are there , they are women children and men who want to live and to achieve something .
they are however people who do not want to live in croatia .
the croatian police picked up the first refugees on the serbian border to eu neighbour croatia in the morning .
according to media reports most come from syria , iran and afghanistan .
they arrived at the serbian border town of sid both by bus and in taxis .
immediately after their arrival they tried to reach the green border to croatia on foot .
at the croatian-serbian border the refugees did not come across border fences .
the border strips hold other dangers : there are still active mines there from the yugoslavian civil war in the 90s .
it is now planned for minesweepers to quickly create a safe passage .
meanwhile after the closure of the border hardly any more refugees come to hungary .
on tuesday police counted 366 people that they had picked up .
shortly before the closing of the gate on monday the number was 9,380 .
the new hungarian laws classify climbing and damaging the border fences as criminal offences .
this has led to 35 criminal proceedings being initiated in the south hungarian border town of szeged .
those convicted are threatened with sentences of up to five years and extradition from the country .
according to the immigration authorities , a total of 94 asylum applications was accepted in the new &quot; transition zone &quot; set up at the border , almost all – 93 – at the biggest crossing at röszke .
among the applicants were 13 families with small children and two older people .
on wednesday morning another 40 refugees were stopped there .
in practice , however , nobody else has a chance of being granted asylum in hungary .
according to opinion in hungary , serbia is &quot; a safe third country &quot; .
the rejected asylum seekers will be deported there .
only a few hundred refugees now are gathering by &quot; the transition zone &quot; in röszke .
workers have begun to clean up in röszke .
they are collecting the rubbish that tens of thousands of people have left lying at the sides of the roads over the last weeks .
crowd barriers are being dismantled and one of the reception centres in the border town is being rebuilt .
no one wants to talk about the goal of this rebuilding .
after the closure of the border between serbia and hungary , austria is getting only a few refugees .
furthermore the country has strengthened its border controls .
according to the goverment , around 20,000 migrants are still in the country .
in salzburg , some 1,400 people are waiting to travel on to germany .
the train service from there to germany was stopped in the morning on the instructions of the german authorities .
in freilassing one regularly meets small groups of refugees on foot .
mayor drives &quot; stranded people &quot; over the border
&quot; we were busy cleaning up after the bridge festival on sunday , when suddenly there were ten people standing at the entrance to the tent with suitcases , &quot; says mayor of wernstein alois stadler .
tourists who wanted to get to passau by train .
because germany had unexpectedly stopped train services to austria on sunday due to the influx of refugees , their journey had come to a halt in wernstein , &quot; says stadler , who immediately offered his help and together with two other helpers and their cars chauffeured the stranded people over the border to passau .
before that we entertained our surprise guests with snacks and drinks .
we said at once that we would take them to passau by car .
&quot; it was a matter of course for us , &quot; says stadler , talking to oön .
they were very grateful .
one man insisted on handing over a generous donation - € 100 for the fire brigade .
&quot; we were very pleased about that , &quot; says stadler .
the stranded train passengers had changed trains in wels on sunday evening from an ice train to a regional train to passau after the surprise announcement that train services to germany had been suspended , in an attempt to cross the border anyway .
but the regional train was stopped before the border in wernstein am inn .
in wernstein , excursions over the border are generally very popular .
the bridge festival is a joint effort between wernstein and bavarians from neukirchen ; the bridge festival association organises the social event on sunday and an athletic two bridge walk the day before with their bavarian neighbours .
the fact that viktor orbán is sending us tens of thousands more is a logical result of his hypocritical policies :
instead of providing immediate help to the röszke camp by constructing structures which ensure a level of humanity , our chancellor has officially and publicly moved the hungarian government &apos;s stance closer to an atmosphere of national socialism .
it is not only those austrians who are now confronted with chaotic conditions in the border areas who are victims of the policy .
those who have fled , too , must notice that the &quot; promised land &quot; which had invited and welcomed them is not considered another refugee camp .
it will be a huge challenge , in the light of the continuing flow of refugees and the approaching winter , to create humane conditions for asylum seekers .
there is a still greater one - maintaining peace , security and stability in austria .
konrad is looking for winter-proof accommodation for 35,000
konrad has his hands full with the hosting of refugees .
christian konrad is used to the fact that his word carries weight .
the government has engaged the former powerful raiffeisen banker to establish accommodation for thousands of refugees .
konrad has already got to grips with the chaos in the traiskirchen reception centre .
&quot; we no longer have any homeless people in traiskirchen , &quot; he reported on his first achievement .
and the accommodation of the 20,000 refugees who arrived in austria on monday happened without any great fuss , said konrad , praising the organisational &quot; masterpiece &quot; .
the minister of the interior , however , talked of a &quot; critical situation &quot; .
in total , konrad estimates that accommodation for 85,000 will be required in the current year .
in order to meet this figure , accommodation for another 35,000 must be found in the next weeks - 20,000 to be provided for by the states and 15,000 by the federal government .
if there are more refugees , we can manage .
&quot; but it is not a bottomless pit , &quot; says konrad .
he has already carried out talks with the state governors .
they have assured him that accommodation will also be found for the next refugees to arrive .
&quot; it is going well in austria , &quot; says ferry maier .
the former vp mandatary is assisting konrad .
tomorrow there will be a meeting with cardinal christoph schönborn , in which it will be confirmed how the church will help .
the asylum coordinator has also got high expectations of the orf &quot; help the way we are &quot; campaign .
private individuals can offer simple accommodation over this platform .
it is also hoped that this will include hotels , which are often empty in winter .
konrad and maier yesterday critisised the specifications for accommodation as &quot; too high &quot; .
in times of need it should not be necessary for those providing accommodation to have to comply with certain heights for towel rails or sizes of skylights .
&quot; emergency standards &quot; should apply for a limited period .
konrad uses his experience as justification for why he , in contrast to the ministry for the interior , should be successful with the accommodation .
i am an older man , and nobody readily tells untruths to my face
his most important weapon is the power of persuasion .
konrad and maier are not costing the republic anything , as they themselves explain .
the want to raise the number of their staff from three to four .
their own search for accommodation has not yet been successful .
konrad wanted to set up a container on stephansplatz as an office .
but apparently there are problems with obtaining approval .
linz demanding a better allocation
for the time being the city of linz is not planning to open new sports halls and other buildings such as the tips arena or the design centre as accommodation for refugees .
at the moment this should not be necesssary , as the people in question can currently be accommodated without these measures , says mayor klaus luger ( sp ) .
but in case of emergency further locations need to be checked for their suitability .
the town chief is criticising the allocation of refugees within the federal states .
other districts should also make their own contributions .
seehofer : &quot; borders will not be cordoned off &quot;
in a long telephone call with bavarian prime minister horst seehofer ( csu ) , state governor josef pühringer ( vp ) on monday agreed to further action on the issue of refugees .
seehofer has assured me that the german borders will not be cordoned off .
the onward journey of refugees into the federal republic continues to be possible .
however appropriate border controls do now exist .
there will now no longer be any special trains with refugees travelling to germany .
those seeking protection will however be brought to germany with regular trains .
pühringer once more called for increased solidarity in the refugee issue from the other eu member states .
the fact that austria is also now reintroducing controls at its borders is for pühringer &quot; a logical consequence &quot; of germany &apos;s approach .
the next runtastic is only a matter of time
the general renovation of the &quot; neuen werft &quot; in the lintz industrial area is officially finished .
the publicly listed it group s &amp; t has moved into four of the six floors of the office and manufacturing building . it is planned that the rest ( 2700 m ² ) will be rented to young , innovative businesses in the technology sector .
&quot; in it clever heads are our raw material – and we must try to get them to work for us , &quot; says s &amp; t boss hannes niederhauser .
he can imagine investing in start-up businesses in neuen werft , and also later acquiring these .
s &amp; t wants to collaborate with the new neighbours from the start – and niederhauser promises : &quot; the next runtastic is only a matter of time &quot; .
smt is investing € 1.7 million in the location and € 3.3 million is coming from techcentre , a third of which belongs to each of the town of lintz , the state of upper austria and the federal government ( ffg ) .
the building is leased by linz ag to s &amp; t and techcentre for 60 years .
thirty percent of the remaining 2700 m ² in the building is already rented out and there have been enquiries about the other 40 percent .
owner of lia peroni opens second business in the arcade .
in the new shop the focus is on furla handbags .
jutta breit actually wanted to get a dog .
the 49-year-old proprietor of lia peroni in the taubenmarkt arcade had to unceremoniously postpone this plan : now she has finally expanded by taking on new premises
in the furla shop opposite the business where she sells among other things bags , cases , shoes and garments from different manufacturers , everything now revolves around furla women &apos;s handbags ; purses can be obtained starting at € 75 .
larger bags and accessories cost up to € 500 .
the new shop opened yesterday .
it has been converted over the last few weeks .
&quot; i have been considering for a long time whether i should open another shop , &quot; says breit .
crucial for this decision was among other things that the furla manufacturers , who are based in bologna , were impressed with the idea of their own location where only their handbags are sold .
&quot; we are the only people in the greater lintz area who sell this brand , &quot; said the mother of two daughters , who herself has italian roots .
breit got her interest in fashion from her mother , when she was still in the cradle .
it suits me best if something emerges and i can show new trends at affordable prices .
the expert can with absolute certainty give me the answer to the question of why so many women go into raptures at the sight of a beautiful handbag .
perhaps it &apos;s because a beautiful handbag can enhance any outfit .
the braggart from kallstadt
the palatine ancestors of donald trump came from a place whose inhabitants are known as braggarts .
this characteristic also connects many with the billionaire who wants to become us president .
donald trump ( 69 ) is always the source of controversy .
whether he is expressing xenophobic opinions , being rude to journalists or revealing gaps in knowledge on crisis politics , the us presidential candidate creates a stir in the election campaign .
and comes out of it well .
this is also something that happens in the palatine town of kallstadt , from where the property billionaire &apos;s grandparents originate .
the new yorker with the blow-dry hairstyle is a concept to many in the winemaking village on the wine route .
many in the village of 1,200 inhabitants are related to him .
his grandfather came from kallstadt in the palatine : donald trump , here in election campaign mode .
simone wendel , a resident of kallstadt , has made a film about trump .
and what do the inhabitants of the village think about his ambition to become the most powerful man in the world ?
&quot; i think they find it rather exciting , but also in the way of kallstadt people they are not deeply impressed .
the native of kallstadt has made an amusing documentary film about the place and its famous offshoots , included in whom besides trump are also the heinz ketchup family .
trump , who is not known for his modesty , also gets a chance to speak in &quot; kings of kallstadt &quot; ( 2014 ) - with a statement that he would have been successful anyway , even had he lived in kallstadt .
he has not won over the people there .
there is indeed a certain respect for his family &apos;s achievements , but there also tends to be a view that trump &quot; is a bit of a bigmouth , &quot; says wendel .
coincidentally , kallstadt &apos;s nickname in the region is , &quot; die brulljesmacher &quot; , a dialect term which translates as &quot; the braggart &quot; , she says .
trump comes from the village of the braggarts .
the story of the trumps &apos; success began in 1885 when the man who would become donald trump &apos;s grandfather emigrated and opened a saloon for gold prospectors in the usa .
the foundation stone for his property business was his first purchase of land in new york .
but his grandparents &apos; lives were not free of tragedy : their wish to return permanently to their home country collapsed in the bavarian state to which the palatine then belonged .
they would not let trump enter as he had originally left without authorisation , the director of the institute for palatinate history and cultural anthropology , roland paul , explains at the beginning of the film .
trump is the grandson of &quot; illegal emigrants &quot; .
this is at odds with the sometimes pithy statements of his descendant .
he has repeatedly spoken in derogatory terms about mexican immigrants in the us , and demanded the building of a border wall in order to deter illegal immigrants .
&quot; the fuss he makes about it is not very nice , &quot; says hans-joachim bender , a distant relative of trump ( &quot; my grandmother was born a trump , my grandfather was born a heinz &quot; ) .
the retired winemaker sees the american as rather aloof , &quot; he always has a short fuse &quot; .
does he think trump will come ?
&quot; i can &apos;t imagine it , &quot; says the 72-year-old .
&quot; he has never had any interest in kallstadt . &quot;
guest house landlady veronika schramm , like many of kallstadt &apos;s inhabitants , mentions that descendants of the heinz family made a donation towards the church organ when they visited , which was very well received .
&quot; i can &apos;t imagine donald doing that , &quot; says the 68-year-old .
she would prefer it if he doesn &apos;t win the election as &quot; he has such radical opinions , i don &apos;t know whether it would be a good thing &quot; .
if anyone like him had been in charge in his grandfather &apos;s time , &quot; he would never have gone there &quot; .
&quot; there are more interesting topics than him , &quot; says winemaker &apos;s daughter sarah bühler .
and as president ?
&quot; he &apos;s certainly not my president , &quot; she says .
and , &quot; the grapes will ripen without president trump &quot; .
wendel &apos;s film , for which trump gave a lengthy interview , has been seen by 12,000 cinema-goers , and interest is also growing in the usa .
the upper bavarian district of ramsau bei berchtesgaden is germany &apos;s first &quot; mountaineers &apos; village &quot; .
the village of 1,800 inhabitants in the berchtesgaden national park received the award for &quot; gentle tourism &quot; from the hand of the vice president of the german alpine association , ludwig wucherpfenning , on wednesday .
there are already 20 &quot; mountaineers &apos; villages &quot; in austria .
in our neighbouring country , the local alpine association is responsible for awarding the distinction .
a &quot; mountaineers &apos; village &quot; is permitted to have a maximum of 2,500 residents .
at least one fifth of its area must be designated as a protected area .
seven &apos;s sunrise dominates ratings , despite nine &apos;s attempts to cover the leadership spill on today show
karl stefanovic and lisa wilkinson &apos;s dash to canberra to cover the aftermath of the liberal leadership spill has failed to generate much of a ratings boost for today .
nine &apos;s breakfast show screened from the national capital after malcolm turnbull &apos;s overthrow of tony abbott .
rival sunrise , hosted by david koch and samantha armytage , was stuck in london as part of a week-long series of international telecasts which also include dubai , new york , niagara falls and cancun .
that tyranny of distance didn &apos;t seem to matter much to aussie tv viewers with sunrise averaging 397,000 viewers across the five capital cities to today &apos;s 339,000 .
today scored a slight uptick compared to its ratings for monday ( 317,000 ) and last tuesday ( 283,000 ) but its figure was behind last thursday &apos;s ( 343,000 ) .
today has been closing the gap on sunrise in recent months .
in august , today averaged 318,000 to sunrise &apos;s 330,000 .
at the start of the year the gap was running at between 40,000 and 50,000 .
so far in september , sunrise is averaging 349,000 viewers to today &apos;s 314,000 .
this is the most interesting thing that &apos;s happened all morning .
the winds of change are affecting more than parliament this morning folks !
karl and lisa are fine , thanks for checking !
posted by today on monday , september 14 , 2015
the big news for seven was the stunning debut of 800 words with former packed to the rafters star erik thomson .
the new drama , about a recently widowed father who decides to relocate to seaside new zealand with his two children , averaged a very impressive 1.219 million viewers .
critics had wondered whether thomson could carry a hit show solo without rafters star rebecca gibney .
last night &apos;s result answered that with a resounding &quot; yes . &quot;
seven &apos;s the x factor stayed strong with 1.136 million viewers , easily beating the block ( 838,000 ) and tbl families ( 726,000 ) .
seven had mixed fortunes on night two of the chase australia .
the first half-hour ( 5pm to 5.30pm ) of the new quiz show hosted by andrew o &apos;keefe averaged 446,000 viewers .
the second half-hour ( 5.30pm to 6pm ) jumped to 623,000 viewers - enough for a small win over eddie mcguire &apos;s hot seat ( 613,000 ) .
on monday night , the first half-hour of the chase australia averaged 520,000 viewers and the second half-hour a whopping 720,000 .
hot seat averaged 620,000 .
the chase australia &apos;s second night ratings drop will have nine quietly confident that hot seat will ultimately prevail at 5.30 .
the chase australia is a replacement for million dollar minute which failed to dent mcguire &apos;s show .
originally published as sunrise dominates as today stays local
the final three agree bachelor sam wood is the perfect guy - but who will he choose ?
secret revealed ? ...
lana jeavons-fellows , sarah mackay and snezana markoski may have unwittingly revealed who wins the bachelor .
the woman who sam wood ends up with on the bachelor has been swathed in utmost secrecy .
and the three girls left standing certainly aren &apos;t letting slip whether they are the one who received his final rose .
but when we checked in with sarah mackay , snezana markoski and lana jeavons-fellows the day before three become two , they may have inadvertently given away a clue as to who the winner will be .
sam wood is keeping his lips firmly sealed until thursday &apos;s finale
all three women waxed lyrical over why wood is the perfect man , citing his sense of humour , ambition , family values and positivity as reasons they would each love to be his partner .
however when asked the question , &quot; if not you , who should get wood &apos;s final rose ? , &quot; their answers could have provided a spoiler as to who won the bachelors heart .
both jeavons-fellows and markoski were quick to name mackay as , apart from themselves , the best match for wood .
sarah mackay and sam wood have shared an easy rapport since day one .
&quot; from the moment i walked into the house , reading ( sarah &apos;s ) energy and sam &apos;s energy i felt like they were quite compatible and i kept thinking that throughout the course of the show , &quot; said jeavons-fellows .
&quot; sarah is really down to earth , she &apos;s so much fun to be around , &quot; added markoski .
i &apos;ve seen them together and they do have that chemistry there .
they do feel nice and comfortable with each other .
sarah mackay believes she and sam wood would be well suited as a couple .
for her part , mackay said last week &apos;s home visit dates made her realise wood could be &quot; the one . &quot;
&quot; once i saw him with my friends and family i realised this obviously isn &apos;t just a game - i &apos;m wholeheartedly invested in him now , &quot; she said .
and asked who wood should choose if not her , she was enigmatic .
&quot; i don &apos;t know if i can say , &quot; she said .
i love the remaining girls equally - it &apos;s a tie between snezana and lana .
the bachelor airs wednesday , 7.30pm on ten .
originally published as sarah top choice for sam wood ?
jarryd hayne had several options of where to begin his nfl career .
detroit and seattle showed plenty of interest after his move to the us - and there were plenty of other teams making inquiries after his impressive open training day late last year .
but hayne chose the san francisco 49ers and coach jim tomsula and it &apos;s looking like a wise decision .
some coaches would have benched hayne for the rest of the game for losing a fumble like the aussie rugby league convert did on his first punt return in tuesday &apos;s 20-3 win against minnesota .
but tomsula showed faith in his man , giving hayne the next opportunity to return a punt and including him in the running game after an injury to reggie bush .
tomsula continued to show his true colours in the locker room after the game .
instead of chewing out his rookies in front of the rest of the team , he encouraged them .
tomsula also backed hayne publicly in his post-match press conference .
49ers beat reporter cam inman reported that hayne also received encouragement from special teams co-ordinator thomas mcgaughey , who advised him to forget about his dropped catch and worry about the next play .
jarryd hayne fumbles a punt that was recovered by the minnesota vikings during the first quarter
it was certainly not the start hayne and his massive australian following had been hoping for in his nfl debut .
hayne was seen cursing as he made his way from the field after the fumble and later told australian radio duo hamish &amp; andy on 2dayfm 104.1 he couldn &apos;t have imagined a worse start to his nfl career .
&quot; it was just one of those things , you just worry about the next play and that &apos;s it , &quot; said hayne .
hayne likened the blunder to his origin debut back in 2007 when a pass in his own in-goal led to a queensland try .
overall it was still an amazing experience for the 27-year-old .
hayne posed for a photo with fans holding an australian flag after the game and posted it to his instagram .
elton john and russian president vladimir putin to meet to discuss gay rights
in 2003 , mikhail khodorkovsky , russia &apos;s wealthiest man , was arrested at gunpoint on a siberian runway .
having openly challenged president vladimir putin , khodorkovsky was convicted , his oil company , yukos , seized and his pro democracy efforts curtailed .
because of the large number of refugees , the freie wähler are calling for 1000 new teachers in bavaria .
at the start of the fw autumn conclave , party and faction leader hubert aiwanger issued a warning about a severe crisis in bavaria &apos;s schools if there are not sufficient new teachers for the many new schoolchildren : &quot; we need at least 1000 additional teachers to stop the schools from collapsing , &quot; said aiwanger .
&quot; otherwise we will have upheavals in the bavarian education system . &quot;
the freie wähler faction is in session in the lower franconian community until friday .
very different main topics were originally planned .
but the record number of refugees is dominating the freie wähler meeting too .
&quot; of course the subject of asylum is the main issue at the conclave , &quot; says aiwanger .
aiwanger is demanding the establishment of a un safety zone in syria , similar to the one during the yugoslavian war in the nineties .
&quot; it can &apos;t go on like this , we have to get to the causes , &quot; says the freie wähler head .
the freie wähler want to deport failed asylum seekers as quickly as possible .
for this reason , aiwanger also wants more personnel for the adminstrative courts , which are responsible for asylum cases : &quot; we need at least 50 new asylum judges as well , &quot; says aiwanger .
the fw head criticised the lack of consistency between several federal states : &quot; we need unified standards in the federal states nationwide . &quot;
&quot; bavaria deports ; others don &apos;t . &quot;
&quot; we must be more efficient . &quot;
however , regional politics in grosswahlstadt should not be allowed to suffer .
an issue that has been running for many years remains on the agenda : educational policy .
in the new school year the education minister , ludwig spaenle ( cdu ) , started a &quot; middle school plus &quot; pilot project , in which an extension of the middle level in grammars schools from three to four years is being tested - this will result in a return to taking nine years up to the university entry qualification exam .
but that is not enough for aiwanger .
&quot; the g9 issue must be speeded up , &quot; says the fw head .
we demand freedom of choice for all grammar schools that want it .
a free move to g9 everywhere it is wanted .
stronger wall street gives dax a helping hand
after an over-long stretch of aimless and edgy trading , the german stock market has closed with gains .
it was only in the afternoon that a stronger rally on the us stock market provided a clearer direction which ultimately lifted the dax by 0.56 percent to 10,188.13 points .
the value of mdax medium size companies gained 0.54 percent to 19,552.88 points .
the technology-heavy tecdax rose by 1.03 percent to 1,736.69 points .
the eurostoxx 50 , the benchmark index in the eurozone , moved ahead by 1.01 percent to 3,207.60 points .
the markets in london and paris also registered solid gains .
in the usa the dow jones index closed at about 1 percent up .
many brokers reckon that markets will remain static until after the interest rate decision in the usa and also the major maturity of the futures exchanges this friday .
discussion about the impact due to the phasing out of nuclear energy has meanwhile pushed rwe stocks to an all time low and also left a significant mark on eon .
according to the &quot; spiegel &quot; , the german energy companies potentially lack € 30 billion in reserves .
the german federal government denied the figures quoted in the press .
stocks in the two largest german energy businesses have subsequently recovered somewhat , although ultimately rwe lost 3.31 percent and eon 6.15 percent .
infineon shares climbed to the top of the dax by a further 3.22 percent .
in the view of one trader , a positive report by us investment magazine &quot; barron &apos;s &quot; at the weekend continues to have an effect .
according to him investors in the german chip manufacturer are currently paying too little attention
thus investment in the promising wafer technology and a focus on the automotive market should pay off .
car stocks were in demand : even in the traditionally week summer month of august , again more cars were sold than in the previous year period , as the manufacturers &apos; association acea disclosed at the start of the international aotomobile exhibition iaa in frankfurt .
stocks for car manufacturers daimler and bmw , opel and fiat gained by 1.34 percent and 2.21 percent respectively .
stocks on volkswagen increased in price by 1.26 percent .
on the german bond market , the current yield of listed federal government securities fell by 0.48 percent ( on friday 0.50 percent ) .
the rex bond index rose by 0.12 percent to 139.55 points .
government futures lost 0.71 percent , going down to 154.11 points .
the rate of the euro sank in the afternoon , ending at $ 1.1262 .
at around midday the european central bank had set the reference price at us $ 1.1305 ( 1.1268 ) .
this means that the dollar cost € 0.8846 ( 0.8875 ) .
4 killed after police fire rubber bullets at protesters in nepal
four people , including a 4-year-old boy , were killed in southern nepal after the police fired rubber bullets into a crowd demonstrating against the country &apos;s proposed new constitution , an official said on wednesday .
the violence occurred tuesday evening in the district of rupandehi , about 175 miles west of kathmandu , the capital .
bishnu prasad dhakal , the chief district officer , said more than 1,000 protesters had gathered outside a police station , some of them throwing stones and firebombs .
mr. dhakal said the police used tear gas and then fired into the air before resorting to rubber bullets .
twenty police officers and five civilians were wounded , he said .
it was not immediately clear why rubber bullets , which are known to kill but are traditionally used as a less-lethal alternative , apparently produced such a high death toll .
the clash was the latest in weeks of violent protests across nepal &apos;s southern plains , where members of the madhesi ethnic group say new provinces established under the proposed new constitution would dilute their political influence .
there have also been protests in western nepal from ethnic tharus who want their own state .
at least 40 people , including 11 police officials , have been killed in violent clashes since aug.
10 , when four major political parties signed an agreement to divide the country into provinces - a major step toward a new constitution but a highly contentious issue in nepal , which has been centrally governed for centuries .
work on a new constitution has been underway since 2008 , but lawmakers accelerated the process after the devastating earthquake that killed thousands of people in april .
lawmakers have been voting on clauses in the draft constitution in kathmandu this week , and officials have said that the new charter could be enacted by sunday .
contruction area planned in the town
the plot of land at the alte post youth centre in emden is going to be built on again .
the town is currently making preparations to market the 4000 square metre area .
a mixture of trade , commerce and housing is planned - although there are no firm offers so far .
emden - the town of emden wants to sell a plot of land of around 4000 square metres directly adjacent to the alte post youth centre .
preparations are currently underway .
it is planned to use the land for a mixture of trade , commerce and housing .
a spokesperson for the town states that it is awaiting suitable offers .
the identities of possible investors are not yet clear .
consequently , no contract has yet been concluded .
the town of emden sold a part of the site , situated on the ringstrasse / corner of grosse strasse a few months ago and the building which previously stood there was demolished .
hieve project : facts are in the open
plans for the holiday home development at the kleines meer near emden are taking shape .
investors have presented their plans for the project to the public .
a number of residents are again concerned – they are worried about the sale of their leisure refuge .
plans have been negotiated , mulled over , debated , and plotted behind closed doors for months .
now the plans for a new holiday home development on the kleines meer near emden are in the open .
the interested party , the emden company &quot; system-bau &quot; , presented their plans to the emden council development committee for the first time on monday evening .
originally this point was scheduled as a part of the agenda not open to the public .
under pressure from critics of the project and from the fdp faction , who had accused investors and the administration of secretiveness , ralf behrends of the system-bau management went on the offensive . &quot; we don &apos;t yet have an answer for all the questions , &quot; he said in front of the council members and more than 50 spectators .
but it is good to be able to counter all the rumours now .
the € 10 - 12 million project has been under discussion for months .
pictures and new details of the proposed hotel building provoked strong reactions among owners of properties at the lake who attended the meeting ,
roberto schulz , property owner and member of the board of the residents &apos; lobby group , pro hieve , claims : &quot; it &apos;s going to be a huge development which looms over all the other buildings &quot; .
furthermore , like a number of other critics of the project , he is afraid that traffic will increase enormously due to the proposed size of the facility . &quot; we have to reckon with whole busloads arriving , &quot; said schulz .
however it is not yet clear what exactly is going to happen on the hectare sized area of the former restaurant .
no operator has yet been identified .
&quot; first of all we have to present a coherent concept , &quot; says ralf behrends .
since this does not yet exist , construction plans are still subject to variation .
twin gorillas born in frankfurt zoo
frankfurt zoo is celebrating the birth of two gorillas .
twenty-six year old dian brought twins into the world yesterday .
twin births are rare for gorillas .
the last time it happened in a german zoo was almost 50 years ago in 1967 , also in frankfurt , according to the zoo .
the sex of the new-born gorilla twins is not yet certain as so far mother dian has kept a close hold on them .
first reported in the &quot; bild &quot; .
nhc says 60 percent chance of cyclone south of cape verde islands
a broad low-pressure system about 350 miles ( 560 km ) south of the southernmost cape verde islands has a 60 percent chance of developing into a tropical cyclone in the next 48 hours , the u.s. national hurricane center said tuesday .
another well-defined low-pressure system about midway between the cape verde islands and the lesser antilles also has a 60 percent chance of tropical cyclone formation in the next two days , the miami-based weather forecaster added .
google launches donation-matching campaign to raise $ 11 million for refugees
google inc ( googl.o ) announced a donation-matching campaign that aims to raise $ 11 million for humanitarian organizations aiding the thousands of refugees that have overwhelmed european nations as they flee war-torn and impoverished countries .
google took an uncharacteristically personal approach in announcing the donation drive on its blog .
rather than having an executive make the announcement , rita masoud , a google employee who fled kabul with her family when she was seven years old , wrote about her personal experience .
&quot; our journey involved many dark train and bus rides , as well as hunger , thirst , cold and fear , &quot; she wrote .
i was lucky .
but as the refugee and migrant crisis in europe has grown , many people like my family are desperate for help .
the donations will go toward four nonprofit organizations that are providing aid to refugees and migrants : doctors without borders , international rescue committee , save the children and un high commissioner for refugees .
google said it will match the first $ 5.5 million worth of donations globally at google.com / refugeerelief until it raises $ 11 million .
europe is facing its worst refugee crisis since world war ii , largely driven by the four-year-old civil war in syria , which has displaced more than 4 million people this year .
many are also fleeing war-torn afghanistan , yemen , iraq and libya .
reporting by yasmeen abutaleb ; editing by christian plumb
for mildly obese diabetics , weight loss surgery may be helpful
the benefits of weight loss surgery for mildly obese people with type 2 diabetes can last at least five years , according to a new study .
it &apos;s still to early to say whether mildly obese people with diabetes live longer after weight loss surgery than those who receive non-surgical treatments , however .
&quot; the mortality data take a long time to show up , &quot; said dr. robin blackstone , a weight loss surgery expert who wrote an editorial on the new study in jama surgery .
weight loss operations , or bariatric surgery , use various methods to shrink the size of the stomach .
they reduce hunger and limit the body &apos;s ability to absorb food .
over the years , bariatric surgeries have proved effective for treating type 2 diabetes , but most studies were done in people who are morbidly obese , with a body mass index ( bmi ) of 35 or above .
bmi , a measure of weight in relation to height , is considered normal between 18.5 and 24.9 .
a bmi of 25 or higher indicates that someone is overweight , and people with a bmi over 30 are considered obese .
you can calculate your bmi here : 1.usa.gov / 1d0zqdv .
for the new study , researchers from taiwan &apos;s min-sheng general hospital used data collected since 2007 in a trial comparing two kinds of bariatric surgery - gastric bypass and sleeve gastrectomy - to medical treatments for type 2 diabetes in people who were mildly obese .
the average bmi among those who had surgery fell from 31 to 24.5 by the end of their fifth year in the study .
meanwhile , the bmi among those receiving non-surgical diabetes treatments stayed about the same at 29 .
among those who had surgery , diabetes resolved completely in 36 percent and partially in 28 percent .
in the medically-treated group , by comparison , diabetes resolved completely in only 1 percent and partially in only about 2 percent .
in addition , control of blood pressure , triglycerides , and &quot; bad &quot; ldl cholesterol &quot; was generally better in the surgical group , &quot; the authors found .
the researchers also monitored patients &apos; blood levels of hemoglobin a1c , which reflect blood sugar levels over time .
hemoglobin a1c is best kept below 7 percent , the researchers write .
after surgery , the average hemoglobin a1c level fell from about 9 percent to about 6 percent .
in the medical therapy group , however , it remained steady at about 8 percent .
but this better &quot; glycemic control &quot; - as reflected by the improved hemoglobin a1c levels - did not reduce the mortality rate at five years , according to lead researcher dr. chih-cheng hsu and colleagues .
the research team also compared average outcomes with the two types of surgery .
at the fifth year , compared to the sleeve gastrectomy group , the bypass surgery group had lost more weight ( 18.7 vs 14.2 kg ) , achieved larger drops in bmi ( 7.4 vs 5.1 ) and in hemoglobin a1c ( 3.1 percent vs 2.1 percent ) and were more likely to have complete diabetes remission ( 46.9 percent vs 16.7 percent ) .
while the new study does not show a survival benefit or surgery after five years , there is evidence from a study of heavier people in sweden that surgery does lead to a longer life , says blackstone , of the university of arizona college of medicine-phoenix .
in the swedish study , obese people who had bariatric surgery were about 29 percent less likely to die over 15 years , compared to a group who tried more conventional methods .
though the new study didn &apos;t show a benefit in survival among surgery patients , blackstone said it &apos;s reassuring for people with a bmi under 35 interested in the procedure .
&quot; this is where this paper is critical , because it says this surgery is safe in that lower bmi group , &quot; with no increased risk of death or renal disease , she said .
blackstone added that people and their doctors should start taking weight seriously once the patient &apos;s bmi falls between 27 and 30 .
&quot; i think we wait too long to get people to be serious about this , &quot; she said .
i think that once they &apos;ve accumulated these genetic changes that hardwired their bodies into obesity and diabetes , reversing that is really hard .
love story set in hunsrück
it is a theme being used increasingly in fiction nowadays : a young woman , plain and unpopular when she was at school , meets her teenage crush years later and he falls in love with her .
this is what happens in the recently published novel &quot; we &apos;re not really like that &quot; by luisa binder .
beyond the love story itself , the novel may be of interest to every reader in hunsrück as it is set in langweiler and the surrounding location .
the full-time author grew up in langweiler and is happy to have been able to create a literary monument to her native area .
&quot; it is impossible for everyone to come to europe &quot; - dalai lama - rt news
europe could not host all refugees , the dalai lama has said , adding that the real solution to the current refugee crisis lies in the middle east .
the tibetan buddhist leader has called for the ending violence in the refugees &quot; home countries .
the dalai lama addressed the issue of the ongoing refugee crisis in his speech at the opening of the dalai lama centre for compassion in oxford , which is dedicated to ethics studies , at the beginning of his 10-day visit to the uk .
he claimed that , under current circumstances , the interests of humanity should be put before the interests of single nations or even continents .
he also stressed that , however admirable , the west-european countries &quot; response to the refugee crisis is inadequate to the situation .
&quot; it it &apos;s impossible for everyone to come to europe , &quot; he said in his speech .
although the dalai lama praised germany &apos;s and austria &apos;s efforts in dealing with the crisis , he stressed that it was only a temporary solution .
&quot; so taking care of several thousand refugees is wonderful , but in the mean time you have to think about long-term solutions , how to bring genuine peace and genuine development , mainly through education , for these muslim countries , &quot; he emphasized .
ultimately we have to think about how to reduce the killing in their countries .
we have to reduce the use of force .
the use of force has never solved these problems , &quot; he added .
addressing the issue of violence , the dalai lama also commented on george bush &apos;s actions following 9 / 11 terrorist attacks , claiming that the us &quot; violent response engendered a chain of uncontrollable events .
after 9 / 11 i expressed my condolences in a letter to president bush and told him the way to solve this problem was through non-violence .
i know his motives were good but he used force and it created unexpected consequences , &quot; the dalai lama said .
fourfold increase in children ingesting hand sanitizer in last 4 years
poison control centers around the united states have reported a nearly 400-percent uptick since 2010 in the number of children under the age of 12 swallowing highly-alcoholic hand sanitizer , according to the georgia poison center .
according to dr. gaylord lopez , director of the georgia poison center , hand sanitizer ingestion cases in children under 12 that were reported to poison control centers went up from 3,266 in 2010 to 16,117 in 2014 .
&quot; kids are getting into these products more frequently , and unfortunately , there &apos;s a percentage of them going to the emergency room , &quot; lopez told cnn .
he said some kids are drinking sanitizer intentionally , while some do it to impress their friends or on a social-media dare .
videos on youtube show teenagers drinking sanitizer for a cheap buzz .
teens have reportedly mixed sanitizer with alcohol-containing mouthwash for a stiffer drink .
younger children can be drawn to attractive sanitizer scents .
&quot; a kid is not thinking this is bad for them , &quot; lopez said .
a lot of the more attractive ( hand sanitizers ) are the ones that are scented .
there are strawberry , grape , orange-flavored hand sanitizers that are very appealing to kids .
hand sanitizer contains anywhere between 45 and 95 percent alcohol .
in young children , especially , only a few squirts can cause alcohol poisoning .
&quot; it &apos;s highly concentrated alcohol , &quot; dr. stephen thornton , medical director of the poison control center at university of kansas hospital , told fox 4 in kansas city .
so you wouldn &apos;t leave a shot of whiskey sitting around , but people will have these hand sanitizers out and if kids get into it , it &apos;s a quick way to consume a lot of alcohol .
nhaijah russell , a six-year-old girl who recently ingested as many as four squirts of strawberry-scented hand sanitizer at school , was taken to an emergency room for treatment .
her blood-alcohol level was .179 , twice the threshold considered legally drunk in an adult , according to dr. chris ritchey , an emergency room doctor who treated her at gwinnett medical center outside of atlanta .
nhaijah was slurring her words and was unable to walk when she arrived at the emergency room .
doctors monitored her overnight at a separate children &apos;s hospital for any signs of brain trauma , as the alcohol caused the girl to fall and hit her head , ritchey said .
&quot; that was very scary , &quot; ortoria scott , nhaijah &apos;s mother , told cnn .
it could have been very lethal for my child .
lopez has recommended parents and teachers use nonalcoholic products or sanitizing wipes short of moving hand sanitizer out of a child &apos;s reach .
beyond alcohol poisoning , some sanitizers have been linked to deaths .
in 2013 , two ontario women died after swallowing hand sanitizer that contained a toxic , undeclared ingredient .
health officials surmised that the product contained methanol , a deadly agent , rather than ethyl alcohol , which was listed as the active ingredient .
in january , three fourth-grade students in upstate new york plotted to poison their &quot; mean &quot; teacher &quot; by putting antibacterial products around the classroom , &quot; according to a police report .
the teacher is highly allergic to hand sanitizer and banned it from her room .
police considered the foiled plan to be &quot; idle chatter , &quot; referring discipline to the school district .
villingen-schwenningen : three vehicles damaged
a 33-year-old driver received minor injuries in a collision on the cross-over between nordring and auf herdenen .
a 60-year-old lorry driver drove onto the cross-over in the direction of the industrial estate roundabout and realised too late that two vehicles in front had stopped at the roundabout .
as a result he ran into the rear of an audi and pushed this vehicle into the ford fiesta stopped in front of it .
damage amounting to around € 10,000 was suffered by the vehicles involved , according to the police .
the audi belonging to the 33-year-old could no longer be driven and had to be towed away .
rumour mill : no celtic disharmony
griffiths plays down talk of disharmony at celtic as deila admits hoops are in a bad place but he &apos;ll turn it around .
hearts to fight sfa over neilson charge and warburton wary of january signings disrupting squad unity
dons stretch lead over celtic to five points
adam rooney &apos;s first-half penalty gave aberdeen a narrow victory over hamilton at pittodrie , allowing the dons to open up a five-point gap between themselves and celtic .
griffiths plays down disharmony talk
it has sparked rumours of disharmony at celtic , which was dismissed out of hand by griffiths , who insisted he and his team-mates are not labouring under any sense of increased scrutiny as they prepare to face the dutch league leaders .
i don &apos;t think we feel under pressure , i think the players are looking forward to it .
lack of scots title race bores dutch - de boer
former rangers midfielder and ex-netherlands international ronald de boer has said that dutch football fans have lost interest in celtic - because there &apos;s no title rivalry with rangers .
de boer , currently an ambassador for ajax , said : &quot; in holland , they don &apos;t show highlights of the celtic games any more and why ? &quot;
it is because rangers aren &apos;t there .
people here don &apos;t only talk about rangers coming back .
they talk about the old firm .
they talk about both teams together and that &apos;s what they are interested in .
there is a lot of tension in the old firm games and it is not just people in scotland who want to see those games .
i &apos;ll turn things around , vows deila
ronny deila has accepted celtic are struggling , but the norwegian boss vowed to turn things around .
defeat to malmo and subsequent champions league exit was swiftly followed by losing to 10-man aberdeen , who now sit five points clear at the top of the table .
but deila said : &quot; celtic have had bad periods before and we will come again . &quot;
now we want to come out of it as quickly as possible .
i know it is very frustrating and a lot of people are very , very angry or sad about what is happening .
that is the same as we are - but we have to go on .
we really , really need the support of celtic because that makes the players much better .
to stay together now is so important .
warburton wary of january transfers
despite comments just a couple of weeks ago suggesting that he had identified some january transfer targets , rangers boss mark warburton is wary of a signing spree , insisting he doesn &apos;t want to disrupt the ibrox squad &apos;s unity .
the ex-brentford gaffer said : &quot; the january transfer window is very different from the summer window . &quot;
in terms of players coming in the summer , you have that pre-season period to bed them in , which you &apos;ve seen with our own group this season .
the squad is doing really well .
sometimes more harm is done by adding unnecessary players to what you really need .
celtic target michu in retirement hint
swansea striker michu , linked with celtic during the transfer window , has dropped hints that he could retire when his contract with the swans is up .
the 29-year-old has been plagued with a troublesome ankle for two years , and failed to find a move away from wales in the summer .
hearts set for sfa battle over neilson comments
hearts were leading 2-1 when paterson was dismissed and went on to lose 3-2 , but the defender &apos;s red card was later overturned - the third collum red card in eight months to be rescinded .
neilson is sticking with what he said , insisting : &quot; i didn &apos;t question any integrity , i didn &apos;t comment on a performance . &quot;
griffiths vows to avoid tynecastle
the diehard hibee was carpeted after admitting singing a song with offensive lyrics about ex-hearts player rudi skacel .
the incident happened in a pub in the roseburn area of edinburgh before an edinburgh derby at tynecastle in march 2014 .
&quot; it was a derby and it was heat of the moment , &quot; the striker said , adding : &quot; safe to say i won &apos;t be going back to tynecastle unless it is playing for celtic . &quot;
tannadice board has faith in dundee united management - donnelly
simon donnelly insists dundee united &apos;s board still has faith in the management team to turn things round - but concedes the on-field decline must end .
i think stephen thompson has faith in us .
we &apos;ll get the boys ready to go again , &quot; said donnelly .
mcinnes glad to &quot; win ugly &quot; against hamilton
derek mcinnes admits his aberdeen side had to cling on desperately against hamilton accies to see out a seventh successive league win that moved them five points clear of celtic at the top of the table thanks to adam rooney &apos;s first-half penalty .
mcinnes said : &quot; there &apos;s not a team out there who has won anything , whether it &apos;s cups or leagues , who haven &apos;t won games like that . &quot;
scots unemployment remains unchanged as uk total rises
unemployment in scotland remained unchanged at 164,000 during the period may to july while the number out of work for the uk as a whole increased by 10,000 to 1.82 million during the same period .
scotland &apos;s unemployment rate of 5.9 per cent was above the uk &apos;s rate of 5.5 per cent , the office for national statistics ( ons ) figures showed .
meanwhile , employment in scotland fell by 12,000 during the three month period , with the number of those in work now standing at 2,612,000 .
the employment rate for scotland fell over the quarter at 74.0 per cent - a figure above the uk average of 73.5 per cent .
secretary of state for scotland david mundell , commenting on the latest figures , said : &quot; the government &apos;s long term plan has laid the foundations for a stronger economy . &quot;
it is almost exactly a year since scotland made the historic decision to remain part of the uk .
in those 12 months we have seen further improvements in the scottish labour market with employment increasing and unemployment falling .
drunks create a disturbance
since security personnel could not appease the situation , employees called the police .
officers were only able to take the troublemakers into custody after using pepper spray .
a breath test showed that a 16-year-old had a blood alcohol level of 0.89 .
the teenager was picked up by his mother .
a 28-year-old with a blood alcohol level of 2.15 was initially detained in custody .
why i &apos;m a witness at an execution in oklahoma
later today , barring a late legal intervention , i will watch a man being put to death .
if it happens , and i hope it won &apos;t , i will sit in a viewing gallery in the death chamber at oklahoma state penitentiary as richard glossip is executed by lethal injection .
he has asked me to be one of four official witnesses to his death .
the invitation was first made back in january , via his best friend , and though i was shocked , i agreed .
as the day approaches , i &apos;ve come to dread it .
so why do it ?
i agreed because i thought it was a good way of telling the full story about the death penalty .
it would offer a unique perspective .
true , journalists are permitted to watch executions in america and because there are often more applications than seats available , a macabre lottery takes place to decide who will be chosen .
oklahoma has reduced the number of media seats from 12 to five .
whoever is picked will watch it dispassionately .
i cannot do that .
i will be sitting alongside richard glossip &apos;s closest friends , and i have developed my own relationship with him through months of phone calls , and one visit lasting two-and-a-half hours .
i like the guy .
we often laugh a lot when we talk .
the prison authorities say i cannot be both a witness and a journalist , so i won &apos;t be allowed a notebook and pen to record what i see .
i will just have to try to remember all the details .
one oklahoma journalist accused me on twitter of compromising my impartiality .
here &apos;s the lesson .
tell the inmate &apos;s story the way he likes it , get access .
i complained to her .
she admitted that she &quot; could have phrased it better , &quot; but still thinks i &apos;m wrong to do what i &apos;m doing .
richard glossip has taken issue with some of the things i &apos;ve said and written .
he doesn &apos;t tell me what to write , and i wouldn &apos;t do it even if he did .
i &apos;ve told him he can remove me from his list of witnesses at any time .
but he wants an international reporter to be there to write about it .
if he dies , he thinks the publicity will help the anti-death penalty movement .
kim bellware , a reporter from the huffington post , will be alongside me .
if you want to know more about the case , please listen to the series of podcasts i &apos;ve made .
i won &apos;t go over all the details again here .
i cannot say with certainty that richard glossip is innocent .
his actions after the murder of barry van treese would make him guilty of being an accessory after the fact .
but i believe there is a strong probability that he is not guilty of murder .
i certainly believe there was not enough evidence to justify a death sentence .
i believe his execution is wrong .
and it &apos;s from this perspective that i will watch him die .
i cannot claim to be truly objective .
there will be other reporters you can turn to for that .
what you will get from me is what it &apos;s like to watch a man i like die an unnecessary death .
man coaxed from canning river after soggy police chase
the canning vale constable remained dry as he coaxed the man from the canning river .
a perth man &apos;s bid to lose a police tail came undone after he found himself in shallow , muddy water just metres from a police officer trying to &quot; coax him gently back to shore . &quot;
canning vale police were called to a trespassing incident in beckenham on tuesday .
when they spotted the suspect he tried to ditch them by heading into the canning river .
but he didn &apos;t get too far .
&quot; he was standing in the water saying &apos; i &apos;m not getting out , &apos; come and get me &apos; , &quot; senior sergeant shandell castledine said .
constable lachlan perhavec wasn &apos;t too keen on getting his uniform wet , so he employed a safer tactic - &quot; good police negotiation . &quot;
&quot; sometimes people do funny things to try and escape , &quot; senior sergeant castledine said .
champion footballer ben cousins provides a memorable example .
in 2006 , cousins ditched his car to avoid a booze bus and attempted to swim across the swan river .
his efforts were unsuccessful , but did inspire locals to begin planning a tongue-in-cheek ben cousins biathlon .
peter moody alleges stewards tried to spy on him and threatens to quit racing
peter moody has alleged racing victoria stewards attempted to plant a spy in his stables last year and threatened to quit racing immediately .
he took aim at stewards and racing victoria &apos;s integrity department , alleging they have a personal campaign against him with the late scratching of lady tatai because of a race day treatment the final straw on wednesday .
moody told fairfax media he had always tried to do what is best for racing and has found himself in difficult circumstances when it comes to lidari &apos;s positive swab to cobalt , which he can not explain .
he had bitten his tongue about the spy allegations for 18 months and didn &apos;t want it &quot; to look like sour grapes . &quot;
&quot; i wasn &apos;t going to say anything about that and i have sat on it for a long time but sometimes you get so frustrated it all comes out at once , &quot; moody said .
they know it went on .
sometimes you react and have to live the consequences and i will have to live with what i said .
i will go home tonight and sleep well .
i want to walk around with my head held high and want my owners to think that i am trying my best for them .
when they start to think i &apos;m not that &apos;s when i shouldn &apos;t be a trainer .
i would then have to consider what i do with my licence .
earlier , moody had dropped the bombshell in a racing.com interview that the integrity department had tried to spy on his stable .
&quot; eighteen months ago terry bailey , dayle brown and dr brian stewart sat in a room with a man - who i will name if asked - and offered him employment to work in my stables to offer information on what i was doing within my stables , &quot; moody said on racing.com.
they obviously believe i &apos;m a cheat .
if that &apos;s the case surely they should all hand in their briefs because they &apos;ve been incompetent in trying to catch me .
robert roulston , former chairman of rvl , david moodie , current chairman of rvl , and bernard saundry , current ceo of rvl , were aware of that at the time and are aware of that today .
should that make me think it &apos;s becoming personal ?
has rvl got a grow a set of balls and maybe make people outside of trainers responsible for what it is going on the industry ?
am i bad for the industry ?
am i that bad for the industry ?
maybe people out there think i am .
maybe they need to take my licence off me and push me away and i &apos;ve got no doubt what i &apos;m saying now might make them think about that .
but i &apos;ve got to the point now where i don &apos;t care and that saddens me .
that really saddens me .
i will put the pressure on them and onus on them to make a decision .
i &apos;ve got the support of my family and i can walk away .
the trainer &apos;s frustration levels have built with the long-running cobalt inquiry involving lidari and the late scratching had him saying that he could &quot; throw my licence across the table . &quot;
moody , best known for preparing unbeaten champion black caviar , labelled the race-day treatment rule &quot; ridiculous &quot; after a mud or clay poultice had been applied to the horses legs , which is against the rules .
it &apos;s against the rules of racing .
i &apos;ve got to accept full responsibility for that , &quot; he said .
one of my staff mistakenly laced mud on its leg .
it could have had it last night .
it could have had it yesterday , which it did have .
it had it on race day .
moody could be faced with a three-month disqualification for the race day treatment using the poultice , which stewards have opened an inquiry into .
it is a joke .
people making these rules know nothing about the horse .
&quot; we all understand that we need for rules but it has gone too far , &quot; moody said .
cobram hit-and-run driver arrested
police have arrested a man over a hit-and-run collision with a cyclist in cobram at the weekend .
the cyclist was airlifted to the royal melbourne hospital with serious injuries after being struck by a car on the murray valley highway on saturday morning .
police said the motorist drove away without stopping to help the injured rider .
on monday a 50-year-old nathalia man handed himself in to police at shepparton .
he is expected to be charged with failing to stop at an accident , failing to render assistance , and other traffic offences .
the cyclist , a 40-year-old cobram man , remains in hospital in a stable condition .
melbourne storm coach craig bellamy hits back at rivals over wrestling claims
melbourne storm coach craig bellamy has called criticism of his side &apos;s tackling as &quot; agenda setting &quot; by the nrl &apos;s two premiership favourites .
sydney roosters coach trent robinson said the referees allowed the storm to &quot; wrestle &quot; his side during the storm &apos;s upset win in the qualifying final in sydney on friday night .
brisbane broncos coach wayne bennett made a thinly veiled reference to the storm after his side &apos;s qualifying final win over north queensland cowboys on saturday night when he called that game a &quot; showcase &quot; of the rugby league and said the two queensland weren &apos;t &quot; too big &quot; into wrestling .
bellamy defended his side &apos;s tackling and said they just focused on their &quot; contact &quot; when tackling .
bellamy added he took confidence from having two leading coaches criticise his side as it meant they were concerned about the storm beating them .
&quot; that keeps coming up - i didn &apos;t hear trent robinson bring up wrestling when they beat us 24-2 , &quot; bellamy said on wednesday .
i can guarantee we haven &apos;t changed nothing all year with our defensive systems or techniques , it &apos;s just that the last six weeks we have made a real emphasis with our contact in tackles and that has been the turn around for us .
trent has been there three years and he obviously has a great side to coach so he is probably not used to losing so it was a bit of a shock to him .
it &apos;s funny how this always comes up at this time of year .
bellamy challenged bennett &apos;s idea of &quot; exciting football &quot; reminding his mentor that bennett &apos;s st george-illawarra dragons won the premiership in 2010 by playing &quot; boring &quot; football .
wayne is talking about exciting footy .
he made a point of comparing his game on saturday night with our one on friday night and how exciting their game was , &quot; bellamy said .
i remember in 2010 st george was criticised a lot for being a boring team and wayne said he didn &apos;t give a rat &apos;s arse .
but now he has a team which can play what we would see as exciting footy , especially his young halves with their speed .
that &apos;s the footy you would want to play when you have those sort of players .
he made that point in 2010 , now he wants everyone to play his style of footy - not every team has two halves like anthony milford and ben hunt so they can play like that .
to me it builds more confidence because they are saying these things because they are a little bit concerned about playing us .
six weeks ago they probably weren &apos;t thinking of us when they get to the big games .
bellamy also pointed out the storm and roosters game was a higher scoring contest than the broncos and cowboys game .
the broncos game was probably a good game , i haven &apos;t watched it yet but what was the score ? 16-12 ?
our game it was 20-18 , there was two more tries in our game but is that exciting footy ?
or is it making breaks and not scoring tries that is exciting ?
to me it &apos;s agendas .
if they are mentioning us it means that at some stage we might meet them there .
the storm have this weekend off as they have won the right to host either north queensland cowboys or cronulla sharks in next saturday night &apos;s preliminary final at aami park with tickets on sale from next tuesday morning .
serbian man gets $ 200k bail on drug charge
a man facing a possible life sentence for attempting to possess 40 kilograms of cocaine that was smuggled into queensland has been granted bail on a $ 200,000 surety .
marko maksimovic , 29 , was one of five men arrested last month after federal police tracked 100 kilograms of the drug from the yacht solay , which came from south america via vanuatu and docked at coomera in august .
maksimovic was observed meeting with his co-accused at the marina throughout the morning and later met them at the coomera roadhouse cafe , where police found 40 kilograms of the drug in a toyota echo .
despite facing a potential life sentence for attempting to possess a commercial quantity of cocaine , maksimovic &apos;s lawyer argued there was no evidence that he was attempting to possess all of it and that he might have been at the cafe for an innocent purpose .
supreme court judge peter flanagan was concerned maksimovic was a flight risk .
he has clear connections to serbia .
he travels to serbia often , &quot; he told the court on wednesday .
on the crown case he lied to police about where he was staying .
maksimovic &apos;s mother and stepfather had jointly offered a surety of $ 200,000 to secure his release .
&quot; having read the affidavits of both those persons , it is clear that the imposition of a surety of $ 200,000 constitutes a real financial burden on them , &quot; judge flanagan said .
but that alone was insufficient to deter him from failing to appear , he warned .
maksimovic was granted bail on the conditions that he surrender both his australian and serbian passports , report to police on a daily basis and adheres to a 6pm-6am curfew .
accident on the a5 near karlsruhe : driver &apos;s cab torn apart
a lorry driver was seriously injured in a collision between three lorries on the a5 motorway near karlsruhe on tuesday evening .
two of the three lorries involved had braked approaching long-term roadworks in the direction of basel .
the third driver noticed too late and tried unsuccessfully to swerve left at the last moment , according to police .
the cab of the driver responsible for the accident was completely torn apart .
the driver was taken to hospital with serious injuries .
the a5 between bruchsal and karlsruhe north was completely closed for over six hours until 2 a.m.
damages amounted to € 122,000 .
stevan hogg used girls phone to lure paedophiles to send images
a paedophile used an 11-year-old girl &apos;s phone to solicit child abuse images .
stevan hogg took the girl &apos;s phone as she slept then logged into an online messaging service where he had a succession of indecent images of children sent to him by another user .
the girl later woke up and discovered the phone was missing and found it in sleeping hogg &apos;s hand .
she looked through it and found the disturbing messages before immediately alerting her mother .
police attended and saw the five pictures , then analysed computers found at the address and discovered &quot; concerning &quot; web searches using terms for finding indecent image of children .
hogg then claimed to officers he had done it as it would &quot; lead paedophiles &quot; on the internet before &quot; pretending he was a police officer to scare them . &quot;
fiscal depute eilidh robertson told dundee sheriff court : &quot; he said it was an addiction - that he was addicted to scaring people .
he accepted the searches were made by him on the computer but said it was because he wanted to pretend to be a police officer to scare paedophiles .
he was asked about his conversations with the unknown person who sent him the images and him asking them to send more photos .
he said he was doing it to lure them in .
he said he was sick in the head when he was drinking and said he wants to view rape and murder images .
ms robertson added : &quot; when the girl found the messages on the phone she shouted her mother and was shaking and crying .
she saw the indecent images on the phone and the accused was then confronted .
the girl was interviewed and spoke of the accused using the computer and playstation to talk to girls who looked way younger than him .
hogg , 23 , of ward road , dundee , pleaded guilty on indictment to charges of taking or making indecent images of children on june 14 last year , breaching bail on january 25 this year and failing to attend at court for a hearing on march 24 this year .
defence solicitor gregor sim asked that hogg not be placed on the sex offenders register as it may be argued there was &quot; no significant sexual element &quot; to his crime .
sheriff alistair carmichael deferred sentence until october for social work background reports .
hogg was granted bail in this case but was held in custody ahead of hearings on other outstanding cases .
he was placed on the sex offenders register ahead of his sentencing date .
traffickers move towards germany over minor border crossings .
more and more refugees are being picked up away from major control points on the german-austrian border .
due to fear of discovery and people being arrested , many traffickers are leaving
through minor borders on the austrian side , says a spokesperson for the federal police .
more than 1,000 refugees have been picked up along the border river of inn in the districts of passau and rottal-inn since tuesday .
they had arrived on foot over bridges and weirs on the german side .
they are received there by federal police and passed on for registration .
according to reports from the federal police , significantly more refugees arrived at the main railway station in munich on wednesday compared to the beginning of the week .
by 8 a.m. about 700 people had arrived in the capital city of the state , said a spokesperson in the morning .
following the reintroduction of controls on the german-austrian borders , 1,759 refugees reached the city on tuesday .
stuttgart : tail end of tropical storm &quot; henry &quot; expected in the south west
meteorologists are warning of squalls in the south west from wednesday evening onwards .
due to a depression over western europe at the moment , warm sea air is flowing into the country , the german meteorological service ( dwd ) has advised .
the powerful trough is the tail end of tropical storm &quot; henry &quot; , which has moved over the atlantic from the bermuda islands in the last few days .
violent storms and thunderstorms are anticipated , particularly in baden .
according to dwd , gusts of between 60 and 90 kilometres per hour can be anticipated on the swabian mountains and in bodenseekreis .
on friday the sun is forecasted to put in a longer appearance once again
the chassis makes the difference : every two years car manufacturers present their new models at the iaa
in 2015 movement can be noticed in particular in compact cars , which are selling especially well at the moment .
compact class cars are currently very much in demand : according to the federal office for motor transport ( kba ) about 28.1 percent of new registrations in august alone belonged to this segment .
this is also reflected at the iaa ( public days 17 to 27 september ) .
in among all the futuristic concept vehicles and the new high-end and luxury models , this year above all it is new compact models which are being introduced .
one of the biggest premieres for the german car sector here is the opel astra , which hits the car dealerships in the autumn .
&quot; the astra is an extremely important model for us , &quot; said opel boss karl-thomas neumann at the show .
it is at the heart of the brand .
to ensure that it sells well , the price of the new astra is not increasing significantly .
opel proposes an entry point below that of its main competitor , the vw golf , which starts at € 17,650 .
the latest astra costs from € 16,990 .
with a new 1.4 litre engine , the astra has an output of 74 kw / 100 hp .
the hessian manufacturer also offers diesel and petrol engines from 70 kw / 95 hp to 147 kw / 200 hp , including the first three cylinder petrol model .
unlike its most important competitors , vw golf and ford focus , for the first time the opel astra is only available as a five door .
in spring the estate car , already seen at the iaa , will follow as the second option
and what other compact cars are being introduced alongside the astra at the iaa ?
renault mégane : renault introduces the fourth generation of its competitor to the astra , the mégane , into the race .
the mégane can be seen at the show exclusively as a five-door , in a conventional and a distinctly sporty version .
it will be available in dealerships at the beginning of next year , then also as an estate model .
infiniti : the infiniti q30 is brand new in this segment .
the nissan offshoot is looking to find its place in the rapidly growing segment with the new model .
the compact infiniti , with its curved lines , fits right into the design line of the brand .
the basic model will have a petrol engine with a performance of at least 90 kw / 122 hp .
a diesel with 80 kw / 109 hp or 125 kw / 170 hp is also on offer .
suzuki baleno : also new in the segment is the suzuki baleno , which celebrates its world premiere in frankfurt .
on offer is the petrol engine model , including a newly developed 1.0 litre turbo engine and a performance of 82 kw / 111 hp .
according to the manfacturer &apos;s specifications , the maximum torque is 170 newton metres ( nm ) .
the baleno is launched in europe in early 2016 .
ds4 : not totally new , but completely redesigned , is the ds 4 compact car model , which can be seen at the iaa .
the designers at the classy citroën offshoot have turned their hand primarily to the front end : here the radiator grille has been newly designed and the modified headlights have been equipped with led technology .
in the interior the infotainment system in particular has been modernised , the number of buttons on the touch screen has been reduced and for the first time apple &apos;s carplay has been incorporated .
in the compact class the iaa also features a string of revised and new versions such as the updated mercedes a class or the peugeot 308 .
jva berlin tegel : five-square-metre cells are unfit for human beings
the federal constitutional court has upheld a complaint by a former inmate of tegel prison that he had been housed for months in too small a cell .
in principle , prisoners have a right to financial compensation for violation to their human dignity if they are kept in cells which are too small .
the federal constitutional court reached this decision in a public ruling on wednesday .
according to the judge , those affected can actually hope for money if they have been shut in too small a room for only a few days ( ref : 1 bvr 1127 / 14 ) .
for this reason a former prisoner was successful with his constitutional complaint in karlsruhe . he was detained in berlin tegel prison between june and november 2009 in a single cell with a floor area of around five square metres : the toilet was not in a separate room .
afterwards the man , who according to a statement by his lawyer has since been released , was transferred to a larger cell .
his liability claim against the state of berlin by reason of unsuitable prison conditions however , failed .
but the constitutional judges set aside the judgement of the supreme court in berlin and resubmitted the case there for renewed assessment .
in their view the human dignity of the man had been violated .
the supreme court is now deciding the amount of the damages .
even if for legal reasons only a few days of the period in custody are significant for compensation , entitlement to a claim for compensation exists .
otherwise there would be &quot; fears of deterioration of a person &apos;s right to protection &quot; .
the supreme court must now settle the amount of pecuniary compensation .
constitutional judges have often strengthened the rights of prisoners in the past .
as recently as april they awarded damages to a prisoner because he had been locked in his cell naked .
a cell with multiple functions and without a separate toilet is also inhumane , according to a decision from 2011 .
furthermore karlsruhe confirmed on wednesday that in addition , according to the berlin constitutional court , a prisoner in a parallel case in november 2009 had attested to inhumane accommodation
the prisoner at that time was kept in a similar cell to that in the karlsruhe case daily between 3 p.m. and 9 p.m. for over three months
berlin prisons have also hit the headlines in the last few weeks due to lack of staff .
because of this , prisoners are time and again locked up for 23 hours , aggressiveness rises and it has even led to brawls due to the tense situation .
according to information from the press office of the public prosecutor , 21 positions in tegel have not been filled due to a lack of young people , and 19 will cease to exist in 2016 .
angela merkel and the refugee policy : &quot; we can handle it &quot;
the influx of refugees is an enormous challenge – the german chancellor is determined to accept it .
what changes will we see in germany ?
according to the predictions of the federal minister of the interior , around 800,000 asylum seekers will arrive in germany this year , and according to a statement by vice chancellor sigmar gabriel ( spd ) , germany is actually in a position to take in a million refugees .
german chancellor angela merkel ( cdu ) has demonstrated determination in the face of this unusual challenge . &quot; i say again and again : we can handle it , and we will handle it &quot; .
the following is a summary of what is coming to germany .
according to various forecasts between 350,000 ( estimation by the ministry of buildings ) and 400,000 ( estimation by the pestel institute ) homes will be needed annually – and in fact for the next five years .
that is twice as many as are being built at the moment ( 250,000 homes ) .
the lack of living space is dramatic but above all for affordable rental properties : between 60,000 and 80,000 social dwellings per year are excluded from rent control and refugees will also compete for these particularly cheap homes .
federal building minister barbara hendricks ( spd ) thus wants to double funding from the current € 518 million to € 1 billion .
in the view of the pestel institute this is far too little : 80,000 social dwellings must be developed annually and for this the government must invest a sum of € 6.4 billion per year .
academics and the federal building ministry agree that as well as this more tax benefits must be provided for investment in the building of housing .
according to estimates by the institute for employment research , it could be expected that in the long term 55 percent of the refugees in germany should be able to work .
however the refugees in germany are not being systematically asked about their qualifications so as to be able to help them get started , criticised claudia walter , project manager for integration and training in the bertelsmann foundation .
but it is crucial for the integration of refugees whether they find work in germany .
work is the key to social contact and to appreciation of the host society , and also to the self-esteem of the immigrant says migration researcher dietrich thränhardt .
according to thränhardt , a political shift has taken place in germany : from a ban on employment for refugees to an appreciation of work .
while in the past asylum seekers were forbidden to work for up to five years , this was reduced in november 2014 to three months , as with the residence obligation which limits asylum seekers to one place of domicile .
as far as the majority of society is now concerned , particularly in view of skills shortage , refugees should be allowed to gain faster access to the job market .
one big obstacle to access to the jobs market is the lack of knowledge of the german language .
to date there is still no adequate supply of general and work-related language courses .
studies also show that jobs are most often found through personal contact .
thus , in thränhardt &apos;s view , the building of networks is the ideal solution to work integration .
the berlin school administration has noticed that only a few refugee parents have placed their children in kindergarten ; an estimated one to 15 percent . &quot; for the uprooted parents their first priority is to keep the family together , &quot; says ilja koschembar , spokesman for youth and family affairs in the berlin senate administration .
to be able to convince families of the benefits of kindergartens , the administration is issuing leaflets in a number of languages .
if the need for teachers increases sharply because of the large number of refugees the berlin senate would try to raise the training capacity , for example by allowing for more technical colleges .
in the states , pupils with no knowledge of german will be prepared for lessons in welcoming classes .
however they will not always be taught by fully qualified teachers but , as in berlin , also by teachers who only have a qualification in german as a second language .
there is no shortage of these , says beate stoffers from the berlin school administration .
the german student services estimate that around 20 percent of refugees want to study in germany .
in principle no federal state prohibits asylum seekers or those with long-term refugee status from studying – the only exception up to now was berlin : senator for the interior frank henkel ( cdu ) has however now abandoned his stance .
refugees who want to study may have their entrance to university facilitated .
refugees with a residence permit or protection against deportation no longer receive benefits according to the asylum seekers benefits act if they begin a course of study .
in principle the latter receive no grant , as they do not fall into the category of persons entitled to a grant .
tolerated refugees up to now must have lived for years in germany in order to be entitled to a grant ; from 1 january 2016 this period is reduced to 15 months .
but this financing gap must also be closed , claim steffen krach , berlin &apos;s state secretary for science , and the german student services .
the students should receive a grant immediately .
islam will play an important role in the future as the refugees are muslims and for many religion is an important part of their identity .
the state should gradually grant islam the same rights as the churches have and the existing state-church law should be developed into a state-religion relationship .
the founding of an islamic welfare organisation , which looks after new arrivals in a professional manner , is also important .
rights also involve responsibilities .
thus the representatives of islam must agree to clear points of contact and be ready to cooperate with the state in many areas and to concede certain control options .
this also requires the readiness to act courageously against religious fundamentalism .
the chairman of the central council of muslims , aiman mazyek , expressed the fear on thursday that religious conflict could also be brought to germany .
those who want to wage such conflict in germany &quot; have immediately forfeited their right to stay here in germany , &quot; he said on bavarian radio .
he suggested translating this basic law into arabic .
in the future integration will be a topic for the whole of society even more than it is today .
this means too that mainstream society will have to change and the removal of discrimination and racism is becoming more urgent .
for nearly 10 years , as a result of european rulings , germany has had an anti-discrimination agency and a general equality act .
but it is learning very slowly , as the nsu murder series shows , that racist motives are systematically ignored in the police and the authorities .
equal opportunities for all : what migrant organisations and non-white german pressure groups have demanded for a long time , and to which international treaties such as the anti racism convention in germany are committed , must become reality in the next 10 years if the country wants to remain at peace and to exploit the opportunities of its new citizens – for the good of everyone .
germany is in a position generally to provide medical care for the refugees expected up to now , is the opinion of the president of the doctors &apos; association , frank ulrich montgomery .
&quot; as far as manpower and capacity are concerned , we can cope , &quot; he told the tagesspiegel .
however extra money must be added to the system for this .
in order to avoid bottlenecks , montgomery asked for all new arrivals to be issued with healthcare cards when they register .
services provided can be accounted for with the federal states later .
and in the long term it is highly doubtful that so many people can be fobbed off with the limited catalogue of services for which the benefits for asylum seekers act provides .
apart from this , doctors are making it their priority to deal with the language barrier .
up to now , as berlin health researcher thea borde has established , migrants have received poorer information about their illnesses than other patients .
interpreters must be taken on not only in hospitals but also in doctors &apos; practices , she demands .
but many refugees would also already be helped with more general medicine drop-in centres in emergency rooms .
and with a different diagnostic view .
refugee children for example clearly suffer from more untreated disabilities , and with young people it is more a case of information about hiv .
german doctors though are able to use their training to deal with the partly different disease patterns , said montgomery
&quot; parasite infections or tuberculosis are not that difficult to recognise . &quot; and because of the refugees there is possibly relief in sight for the shortage of doctors .
syria has a highly developed educational system and a number of refugees are expected to be doctors .
to be allowed to practice , however , they must prove their qualifications and possibly take more exams .
in the estimation of the federal psychotherapeutic association ( bptk ) , at least half of the refugees arriving in germany are mentally ill : most of them are suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder or depression .
refugee children are particularly vulnerable , explains dietrich munz , president of the bptk .
a soon-to-be published study by the tu in munich documents that every fifth syrian refugee child arrives traumatised in germany .
those who suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder suffer among other things from so-called flashbacks , difficulties in breathing , dizziness , palpitations and fear of death .
further symptoms are sleep and concentration disorders , nervousness and emotional numbness .
in order to prevent the symptoms becoming chronic , early treatment is necessary , explained munz .
up to now , however , only four percent of mentally ill refugees have received psychotherapy .
mentally ill asylum seekers are permitted to make an application with the social security services for psychotherapy , but processing usually takes several months .
in addition , it is mostly officials or doctors in the social services who are not trained in psychological illnesses who decide whether therapy is necessary or not .
this frequently leads to false assessments , says munz .
the ring invites you to dream
with their new &quot; passion &quot; production , circus probst is returning to the traditions of the art of the circus .
the aim is to draw every age group under the spell of mesmerising acrobatics , animal dressage and unique entertainment .
now circus probst is issuing an invitation to dream in the ring at the ziegelwasen .
&quot; our passion is our circus . &quot;
&quot; i couldn &apos;t imagine living without my circus family , &quot; says stephanie probst , animal trainer and junior manager .
&quot; passion &quot; - this is the motto for the current production in the ring .
the circus has been owned by the probst family for over 33 years .
the family has the gift of enthralling people in their blood .
&quot; it &apos;s important for us to take people away from their daily lives and to take them with us into another world for two hours , &quot; stresses the 27-year-old junior manager .
director reinhard probst calls his concept a &quot; cocktail in the ring with a cosmopolitan flair &quot; .
fifty towns have the chance to experience this flair on the almost 3000 kilometre-long tour .
the circus programme wins people over with talented artists from all over the world .
distinguished at the international circus festival in monte carlo , the russian stoliarov clown family captivate the public with wit and charm .
the castillo brothers , too , know their craft .
the cuban duo are ready to compete with the heroes of silent films .
lightness and agility - these words sum them up .
their humorous artistry on the pole will win the women &apos;s hearts .
apart from causing numerous bursts of laughter , the circus prost &apos;s acrobats are also mesmerising with their finesse and suppleness .
balancing on a ball with a unicycle ?
no problem for he yuan .
contortionists enthrall and terrify at the same time .
wang lin , from china , is better acquainted with the oldest form of acrobatics than most and thrills with his flexibility .
sixty entertainers from 12 nations offer diversity in every respect .
&quot; the animals belong to our family , &quot; insists staphanie &apos;s mother , brigitte probst .
different animal welfare organisations all too often complain about mistreatment of circus animals .
stephanie probst has her own answer to this : &quot; if our animals aren &apos;t happy , then nor are we &quot; .
about 80 animals from five different continents enjoy every bit of attention .
the &quot; four-legged artistes &quot; as they are affectionately known , have their every wish fulfilled as far as possible .
we want to work together with the animals and have fun with them .
if the animal doesn &apos;t feel well , it doesn &apos;t want to go in the ring either .
so the top priority is to look after the animals well .
the probst family are especially proud of their zebroid , jumbo - the offspring of a shetland pony stallion and a zebra mare .
the two animals lived together in one enclosure for eight years and nothing happened .
&quot; then suddenly there was our little jumbo , &quot; says brigitte probst .
but the zebroid is not yet ready for the ring , instead he is a unique little mascot for the circus probst .
there is something for every visitor .
&quot; one thing is for certain , &quot; says stephanie probst , &quot; regardless of whether there are five or 1,200 people in the audience , we give them our best and do it with all of our hearts .
circus probst invites you to come and see their show every day from 17 to 20 september at 5 p.m. and 8 p.m.
the programme begins at 11 a.m. and 4 p.m. on sunday .
thursday is family day ; there is a discount on the price of the show .
and the animal show is open daily from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.
zimbabwe &apos;s robert mugabe delivers wrong speech in parliament
mr mugabe , africa &apos;s oldest leader , earlier this year fell down the steps leading from a podium .
he was unhurt , but video of the fall went viral on social media .
the opening of parliament was also tarnished by claims by opposition legislators that they had received anonymous death threats warning them against booing mr mugabe during his address .
last month , they booed and heckled him during his state of the nation address in parliament - which is the speech he repeated on tuesday .
movement for democratic change ( mdc ) chief whip innocent gonese said seven opposition politicians received text messages on their mobile phones warning them not to disrupt nr mugabe &apos;s address .
&quot; the message is coming from a number which is not reflecting but it &apos;s titled &apos; death &apos; , &quot; he told journalists after mr mugabe &apos;s speech .
it warns the members concerned to know that immunity ends at parliament and once they step out of parliament that parliamentary immunity does not operate .
the chief whip said the party , led by morgan tsvangirai , is &quot; worried &quot; about the threats to its politicians .
hewlett-packard to cut up to 30,000 jobs
hewlett-packard expects to cut 25,000 to 30,000 jobs as part of its restructuring and cost-saving efforts at it enterprise services business .
hp is splitting into two listed companies later this year , separating its computer and printer businesses from its faster-growing corporate hardware and services operations .
the expected job cuts will result in a charge of about $ 2.7bn , beginning in the fourth quarter , hp said in a statement .
&quot; these restructuring activities will enable a more competitive , sustainable cost structure for the new hewlett packard enterprise , &quot; said meg whitman , the hp chairman and chief executive who will head the unit after the split .
&quot; hewlett packard enterprise will be smaller and more focused than hp is today , and we will have a broad and deep portfolio of businesses that will help enterprises transition to the new style of business , &quot; said whitman .
as a separate company , we are better positioned than ever to meet the evolving needs of our customers around the world .
hewlett packard enterprise will have more than $ 50bn in annual revenue and &quot; will be focused on delivering unrivaled integrated technology solutions &quot; to companies , according to a company statement .
it breaks up a company formed in the 1930s by stanford university graduates bill hewlett and dave packard to make electric equipment , and whose palo alto garage has been dubbed &quot; the birthplace of silicon valley . &quot;
hp has been undergoing a massive reorganisation to cope with the move away from traditional personal computers to mobile devices .
the move by hp , the world &apos;s second-largest pc maker and one of the biggest us tech firms , is the latest in the sector based on the belief that tightly focused firms perform better .
arsenal captain mikel arteta says team-mates must get behind injured jack wilshere ahead of dinamo zagreb tie
wenger has also stressed to wilshere that it is still only september and , providing his rehabilitation goes to plan , there is no reason why he cannot be back playing by christmas .
that best-case scenario already means that wilshere is certain to miss at least the next four england games and , given his history , his involvement in next summer &apos;s european championship is clearly uncertain .
the great shame of this latest problem is that wilshere had finished last season strongly after a separate ankle injury and then looked back to his old sharpness during pre-season .
&quot; this kind of injury is not career-threatening , &quot; said wenger .
it is a bone that did not heal well .
it is nothing major .
this was just an accident .
it was not linked with his ankles or with the injuries he had before .
that might be true from a purely medical perspective but , as wenger also acknowledged , there is the related danger of further injuries whenever any player tries to return midseason .
there is also an uncomfortable pattern developing .
research by premier injuries ltd records 23 different wilshere ailments since he made his debut six years ago .
he has also played in only 65 of arsenal &apos;s 157 league games during the last five seasons .
the wider picture for arsenal is that in six out of eight seasons since 2007-08 , they have been one of the two premier league clubs to lose most days through injury .
wenger accepts the potential of a vicious circle but arsenal believe that an improvement in their injury record during last season will continue .
&quot; sometimes , when you are coming back from an injury , you have a vulnerable period , a time when you need to strengthen your body and gain competition , &quot; said wenger .
jack is young enough to get over that .
i hope his body stabilises , i am confident it will and he will make a career of the kind he deserves .
with arsenal beginning their champions league campaign on wednesday night against dinamo zagreb ahead of matches with chelsea on saturday and tottenham hotspur next wednesday , wenger is preparing to rotate his team .
héctor bellerín and aaron ramsey have not travelled to croatia , meaning mathieu debuchy and arteta are likely to start .
wenger may also begin with kieran gibbs and olivier giroud in place of nacho monreal and theo walcott .
&quot; i try to keep the balance and give a little breather to players who need it , &quot; said wenger .
although arsenal are clear favourites to progress through group f , the maksimir stadium in zagreb is among europe &apos;s most intimidating .
dinamo are also unbeaten in 41 matches after producing their own &quot; invincible &quot; campaign last season .
the stadium was shaken on tuesday night by an earth tremor that measured 3.2 on the richter .
it was the 10th in zagreb this year .
wenger believes that arsenal have learnt the lesson of last season &apos;s champions league capitulation against monaco and remains driven by the distant hope of managing the club to a first european cup triumph .
&quot; this drive is immense , &quot; said wenger .
it has never been done at arsenal .
we were very close in 2006 but , on the other hand , i am long enough to be realistic .
we are ambitious but we are not dreamers .
friendsfest : the comedy show that taught us serious lessons about male friendship
the absence of similar portrayals in shows is glaring , particularly given how the need for men to open up is more desperate now than ever , with suicide rates amongst young males at 15 year high .
in 2013 , it was the single biggest cause of death in men aged 20-45 in the uk , and remains three times more common in males than females .
in a bid to address the problem , the campaign against living miserably ( calm ) announced 2015 as the year of the male , aiming to challenge the culture that prevents men from seeking help when they need it .
friendship lies at the heart of the battle to meet this challenge .
a recent study of more than 2,000 high-school students displaying depressive symptoms found that if the sufferer had a high enough percentage of &quot; healthy mood &quot; friends , their chances of recovering doubled .
equally , for those not depressed , a circle of mentally healthy friends halved the chances of mental challenges arising .
but of course , for friendship to work , it needs to be accessible in the first place .
in this age of social-media led communication , with its focus on style over substance , immediacy of response is often prioritised over meaningful contact .
our digital lives have doubled the need to appear strong , fun-loving and successful , even if in reality isolation is king .
this superficial success is dominated by what psychologists term extrinsic values ; money , image , social status , all at the expense of intrinsic values - our inner yearning for personal growth and friendship - that more deeply impacts our mental health .
and as a billionaire video-game creator explained recently , money really doesn &apos;t buy greater happiness .
the beauty of friends was that it turned this focus on its head .
each of the characters were not defined by their work , but rather their personalities , which shone through the interaction as friends .
the humour of joey and chandler &apos;s frequent hugs , moments watching football on the comfy chairs , and ross &apos;s pining for rachel , came from the knowledge that yes , men can all relate to this , even if they often hold back from fully exploring their feelings .
as a samaritan worker explained to me : .... &quot; my listening role to people feeling depressed and suicidal has really highlighted how even the smallest interactions from friends can make a difference . &quot;
often the men who contact us feel unable to speak to friends .
the old adage of &quot; getting on with it &quot; is strong , as is the sense that it will be perceived as weak to open up about problems . &quot;
friends is one of the shows that comes to mind when i try and offer more long-term coping mechanisms .
it highlighted the little moments of male friendship .
as much as my objective , outsider status over the phone helps people in moments of desperation , the long-term support comes from a close , personal family and friend network .
and so , if you attend comedy central &apos;s friendsfest this weekend , with the sets fully redesigned in celebration , why not take your friends for a drink at central perk .
or , better still , if in starbucks you see someone alone , give a smile and say hello .
you never know what difference your friendship could make .
friends is broadcasting on comedy central from start to finish - the full 236 episodes - for # friendsfest
di maria scores to help psg swat aside malmo
angel di maria celebrates with blaise matuidi and edinson cavani after scoring against malmo .
angel di maria scored on his champions league debut to help psg ease past swedish side malmo on tuesday .
here &apos;s the match report and reaction to the game .
angel di maria and edinson cavani were on target as paris saint-germain began their champions league campaign with an ultimately comfortable 2-0 win against malmo at the parc des princes on tuesday .
di maria scored less than four minutes into his champions league debut as a psg player to set the french champions on their way , but they missed a succession of opportunities before finally extending their advantage when cavani headed home in the 61st minute .
with real madrid and shakhtar donetsk also in group a , paris needed a strong start against the swedish champions as they target not just qualification for the knockout rounds but an improvement on their runs to the quarter-finals in each of the last three campaigns .
but while they got the points , it was not a vintage display by laurent blanc &apos;s side with zlatan ibrahimovic wasteful in front of goal and later being substituted against his hometown team and the club with whom he started his illustrious career back in 1999 .
&quot; it &apos;s not easy to win at home or away in the champions league , so to win 2-0 , cause our opponents problems and look comfortable at the back is a good start even if there are certain things we will need to perfect as the season goes on , &quot; said blanc .
it augurs well .
we wanted to win and we did , although i regret that we did not score one or two goals more .
ibrahimovic returned after injury in one of three changes to the paris team that had been held to a 2-2 draw at home by bordeaux in ligue 1 at the weekend , but he was upstaged in the fourth minute by di maria .
the argentina winger was labelled as the man to take psg to the next level in europe when he was signed from manchester united last month , and he indicated why as he ran onto marco verratti &apos;s pass in behind the malmo defence before angling a beautiful finish past johan wiland and into the far corner of the net .
however , if anyone then expected psg to romp to a big victory , they were to be disappointed .
malmo , who beat celtic in a play-off to reach this stage , lined up with nine full internationals on the field at kick-off and , with a five-man defence and two deep in midfield , were stuffy opponents .
but , save for a nikola djurdjic shot that slid just wide of kevin trapp &apos;s far post in the 34th minute , they offered little in attack .
instead , psg let themselves down at times with some wasteful passing and poor finishing , not least from ibrahimovic , who failed to convert no fewer than five attempts in the first half alone and was then let down by his touch having been put in by cavani just after the restart .
nevertheless , he proved much more adept when it came to setting up his colleagues , and it was from an ibrahimovic pass that di maria sent in a curling shot which was tipped around the post by wiland on 52 minutes .
the second goal finally arrived just after the hour mark thanks to cavani , the uruguayan heading home his sixth of the season after ibrahimovic had flicked on a left-wing cross from maxwell .
that ended any ideas that malmo had of coming back into the game , and only a superb stop by wiland from point-blank range to deny david luiz kept the final score down before substitute ezequiel lavezzi had a goal disallowed right at the death .
malmo coach age hareide later admitted psg were a class above his side , the norwegian saying : &quot; our last champions league game was in december last year . &quot;
since then we have only played in the swedish league which is not the same level .
the qualifiers are not enough .
hats off to paris .
it was a magnificent match from them .
glencore raises $ 2.5 billion in share sales
swiss-based mining giant glencore , hit by collapsing commodities prices , on wednesday raised $ 2.5 billion via a shares sale as part of its vast debt-slashing plan .
london-listed glencore said in a statement that it had sold new shares worth about £ 1.6 billion to pay down debt .
the company , which has lost 57 percent of its market value this year , is grappling with tumbling commodity prices as china &apos;s economic slowdown weighs on demand and sparks havoc across markets .
the rights issue sent glencore &apos;s share price soaring to the top of the london stock market in early morning deals on wednesday .
shares jumped 2.77 percent to 131.60 pence on the ftse 100 index , which opened 0.69 percent higher .
glencore had last week revealed the $ 2.5-billion shares sale as part of broader plans to slash its $ 30 billion debt pile by about a third .
the company sold the new stock at 125 pence per share , which marked a 2.4-percent discount to the closing price on tuesday .
it offloaded 1.3 billion shares worth up to 9.99 percent of the group .
concerns over prolonged stalled chinese growth have slashed iron ore prices by roughly a half , as coal , copper and other commodities have fallen by 20 to 40 percent .
refugees arrive in weimar
on tuesday afternoon 49 people reach the municipality of weimar after a mostly long flight .
the refugees come from syria , albania , afghanistan , macedonia and somalia .
the youngest arrival is a six month old girl from syria .
white house confirms xi jinping &apos;s washington visit
chinese president xi jinping will make a state visit to the u.s. at the end of the month , the white house confirmed in a statement on tuesday .
the visit , xi &apos;s first official one to washington , will take place on sept . 25 and reciprocates president barack obama &apos;s trip to beijing last november , the statement said .
the u.s. president and first lady michelle obama will also host xi and his wife peng liyuan at a state dinner that evening , after the two leaders have engaged in bilateral talks .
&quot; president xi &apos;s visit will present an opportunity to expand u.s.-china cooperation on a range of global , regional , and bilateral issues of mutual interest , while also enabling president obama and president xi to address areas of disagreement constructively , &quot; the statement added .
xi , whose visit was first announced in february , is expected to stop in seattle to meet several u.s. tech leaders on his way to washington , before going on to new york city for the u.n. general assembly on sept .
obama and xi are expected to broach a range of contentious issues , including washington &apos;s concerns over china &apos;s alleged cyberespionage and its increasing assertiveness in the disputed waters of the south china sea .
440 hp sports car rented and written off
a 29-year-old wanted to fulfil a dream and rented a ford mustang .
he got a rude awakening on the wet motorway .
a company in the district of gotha allows you to fulfil your dream by renting out and driving an american v8 ford mustang boss 302 440 hp sports car .
so the 29-year-old from the gotha district did just that .
the end of his dream came on the a 71 motorway near arnstadt .
the 29-year-old lost control of the sports car , got into a skid on the wet road and drove into the crash barrier .
the sports car was a write-off but no one was injured .
damage is estimated at € 40,000 .
xavi : pep guardiola prevented switch to fc bayern in 2008
world and european champion xavi has played for the al-sadd sport club in qatar since summer 2015 .
a few years ago , fc bayern was apparently close to committing to spain &apos;s superstar xavi , who at the time was playing for fc barcelona .
eight times spanish champion , three times cup winner , four times champions league winner , twice club world champion , twice european champion , one time world champion - xavi &apos;s list of titles is breath-taking .
in the summer the then 35-year-old left fc barcelona after 24 years and transferred to qatar and the al-sadd sport club .
but in an interview with marca , xavi reveals now that just before the 2008 european championship he was ready to leave barcelona .
&quot; i was told that barça wanted to sell me . &quot;
&quot; at the time madrid were winning everything and we weren &apos;t , &quot; he says .
and fc bayern noticed that too .
xavi : &quot; there was an offer from bayern . &quot;
&quot; rummenigge wanted to have me . &quot;
a quick reminder : in the summer of 2008 , jürgen klinsmann took over at fc bayern .
guardiola was the reason that xavi did not transfer .
the transfer never happened .
and instead the crucial man now works for the german record champion : pep guardiola .
xavi explains why . &quot; barça had signed on guardiola and i played a brilliant european championship . &quot;
&quot; pepe told me that i shouldn &apos;t transfer , that he couldn &apos;t imagine the team without me . &quot;
&quot; he got me with that . &quot;
who knows how bayern &apos;s 2008 / 2009 season would have turned out if xavi had left .
xavi covered the entire distance on the turf for barça in the quarter final of the champions league against bayern , knocked the reds out ( 4 : 0 , 1 : 1 ) and at the end celebrated the premiere class triumph .
matt damon downplays diversity in filmmaking
matt damon confronted african-american filmmaker effie brown during a discussion on diversity saying it wasn &apos;t needed behind the scenes .
during sunday night &apos;s episode of hbo &apos;s project greenlight , the seasoned actor cut brown off while she was emphasizing the need for alternative perspectives regarding a black protagonist in the project &apos;s chosen screenplay .
&quot; when we &apos;re talking about diversity you do it in the casting of the film not in the casting of the show , &quot; damon asserted .
shocked , brown reacted with offended disbelief , letting out &quot; hoo ! wow . okay , &quot; as the martian actor &apos;s comments settled in the air .
damon and brown were joined by fellow producers ben affleck and the farrelly brothers to discuss the show &apos;s finalists .
&quot; i would urge people to think about -- whoever the director is , how they &apos;re going to treat the character of harmony , &quot; brown initially said .
the only black character who &apos;s a hooker who gets hit by her white pimp .
the dear white people producer pushed for finalists leo angelos and kristen brancaccio for the rights to direct the film ; damon retorted their directing could &quot; end up giving us something we don &apos;t want . &quot;
after the discussion aired , social media exploded in disapproval over damon &apos;s comments .
twitter user mrpooni expressed anger toward the clip writing , &quot; matt damon speaking over the only black person in the room so he can explain diversity to her is so white it hurts . &quot;
the tweet earned more than 5,000 retweets and 4,000 likes since being posted .
damon &apos;s comments come at a time where accurate racial representation in media is at the forefront of social discussion .
after teen michael brown was killed by a white police officer in 2014 , the black lives matter movement took nationwide effect , urging lawmakers and authorities to halt discriminatory practices against people of color .
in february , singer prince alluded to the movement while introducing the nominees of album of the year at the grammy awards .
&quot; albums still matter , &quot; he said .
like books and black lives , albums still matter .
more recently , leaders of the black lives matter movement released a statement in response to fox news personality elisabeth hasselbeck &apos;s question of whether the group should be considered a hate group .
&quot; the black lives matter network is a love group , &quot; leaders said .
damon was recently announced as one of a list of entertainers , producers and media moguls invited to visit the pope to discuss the catholic church &apos;s portrayal in the west .
whether he accepted the invitation or has already met with the pope is unclear .
&apos;american ninja warrior &apos; crowns first champion
pro-rock climber and busboy isaac caldiero became the first athlete to win american ninja warrior monday night taking home the $ 1 million grand prize .
the competition show , which just wrapped up its 7th season , has never seen any competitor complete all stages of its obstacle course .
during the season finale , two men , caldiero and cameraman geoff britten , made it to the final round .
the final task involved climbing a 75-foot rope in 30 seconds .
britten went first completing the challenge on time , making him the first-ever athlete to complete american ninja warrior &apos;s grueling stage 4 , however , caldiero finished the challenge a full three seconds faster making him the winner .
caldiero spoke with e ! news after the hard-fought victory , still in shock about winning the $ 1 million grand prize .
&quot; i mean it &apos;s amazing to think about , like i &apos;ve never made or lived off more than $ 10,000 a year , &quot; isaac told e ! of his serious pay-bump .
so to all of a sudden ... like i can &apos;t even imagine what it &apos;s going to be like ... the future is unknown .
executive producer kent weed sat down with the hollywood reporter to discuss the finale and why , despite britten being the first ever competitor to finish the course , won &apos;t be awarded any prize money .
by the rules , the money goes to the fastest person .
&quot; if there &apos;s more than one finisher , the one with the fastest time gets it , &quot; said weed .
as much as the money is a wonderful prize and life changing , he does get the great gratification .
i don &apos;t think he harbors any ill will about it .
he &apos;s just so happy to have done what he &apos;s done .
he &apos;s received tons of accolades from fans .
he &apos;s such a great guy , and a family man .
he &apos;s a hero to his kids and his wife .
geoff said to me , &quot; if i was going to be beat by someone , i &apos;m glad it &apos;s isaac . &quot;
and i think isaac would have felt the same way if they roles were reversed .
america ninja warrior was renewed for an eighth season , which will begin filming in spring 2016 .
detroit tigers tiptoe past minnesota twins
minneapolis -- the second half the season hasn &apos;t been a lot of fun for the detroit tigers .
once one of the best teams in baseball , the tigers are now in last place in the american league central .
reducing to being a spoiler , the tigers played the part perfectly tuesday , beating the minnesota twins 5-4 at target field .
the twins squandered a chance to climb to within one-half game of the houston astros for the second american league wild-card spot .
for detroit , if only for one night , it was a return of the three-letter f-word that has been so elusive over much of the season &apos;s second half .
&quot; all wins are fun , no matter how it happens , &quot; tigers manager brad ausmus said .
tigers pitcher alfredo simon made his early offensive support hold up , as detroit scored three times in the first two innings , then tacked one in the sixth and one more in the ninth .
simon ( 13-9 ) pitched 6 1 / 3 innings and allowed three runs .
it was only his third quality start in his past nine outings .
&quot; i just want to finish strong this year , &quot; simon said .
it &apos;s hard for the bullpen to throw every game , and that &apos;s why i want to go deep into the game .
tigers designated hitter victor martinez had three hits and drove in two runs , his first rbis since mid-august .
it was martinez &apos;s first three-hit night since he had four hits against the seattle mariners on july 6 .
&quot; he swung the bat well , &quot; ausmus said .
he looked good in ( batting practice ) , looked noticeably better in bp , and he carried it right into the game .
trailing by three runs in the bottom of the seventh inning , the twins had their best chance to get back into the game .
center fielder byron buxton led off the inning with a double down the left field line .
right fielder aaron hicks reached on a bunt single , and simon got second baseman brian dozier to strike out swinging before being lifted for left-hander blaine hardy .
hardy walked mauer , the only man he faced , ahead of rookie designated hitter miguel sano , who ripped a two-run single to left off right-hander drew verhagen .
with a pair of runners on and the tying run at second , verhagen got third baseman trevor plouffe to ground into a double play .
it was the major-league-leading 27th time this season that plouffe hit into a dp .
after detroit tacked on an insurance run in the top of the ninth , mauer ripped an rbi double to the gap against tigers closer bruce rondon to make it 5-4 .
however , the right-hander struck out sano on three pitches for his fifth save .
detroit took advantage of a rusty phil hughes in the early going .
the tigers posted three runs in the first two innings against the veteran right-hander , who came off the disabled list before the game after missing more than a month because of lower back inflammation .
&quot; obviously not the start i &apos;d like to have , &quot; hughes said , &quot; but i felt more comfortable as i went along and felt i was able to execute some pretty good pitches there in the third inning . &quot;
after getting the leadoff batter in the first , hushes gave up a single to second baseman ian kinsler .
a two-out walk to right fielder j.d. martinez brought up victor martinez , who singled up the middle for the first run of the game .
victor martinez snapped his 0-for-21 streak with runners in scoring position .
third baseman nick castellanos followed with a single to right , scoring another run , but victor martinez was thrown out trying to advance to third , ending the threat .
the tigers added on in the second , getting a one-out double from catcher james mccann and a two-out single by center fielder anthony gose to make it 3-0 .
&quot; that was a big hit , &quot; twins manager paul molitor said .
he didn &apos;t hit it particularly well , but he got it in the right spot .
hughes , who was on a pitch count , pitched a scoreless third inning before being replaced by right-handed reliever a.j. achter .
hughes was charged with three runs on six hits and a walk with four strikeouts .
notes : tigers rhp anibal sanchez was shut down with a strain in his throwing shoulder .
he will be examined by dr. james andrews , who performed surgery on sanchez &apos;s shoulder back in 2007 .
sanchez , on the disabled list with a shoulder strain since mid-august , was scheduled to be activated for a wednesday start .
with sanchez out , lhp daniel norris will come off the dl to start against the twins .
norris is 1-1 in four starts with the tigers since being acquired in a trade for lhp david price on july 30 .
he has been out since aug. 20 with a strained right oblique .
the tigers and twins will wrap up their three-game series at target field on wednesday .
norris ( 2-2 , 4.43 era ) will oppose minnesota rhp ervin santana ( 5-4 , 4.73 era ) .
hundreds of refugees to be given accommodation in wiesbaden
a train carrying hundreds of refugees is on the way to hesse .
they are expected to arrive by wednesday night .
the people who have travelled there will then be housed in emergency shelters in wiesbaden , according to a statement made by the city of wiesbaden on tuesday evening .
they estimate that between 450 and 750 refugees will arrive .
a number of sports halls in the hessian capital have been prepared for this eventuality over the last few days .
up to 1000 refugees can be provided with temporary accommodation in these .
after this they should be redistributed to other communities .
according to a statement by the regional council of giessen , responsible for their initial reception , 7500 people have arrived in hesse in the past ten days alone
due to the large number of refugees , emergency shelter has also been set up in sports halls in frankfurt and hanau .
ischinger : german military action in syria an option
the head of the munich security conference , wolfgang ischinger , believes that military action in syria with participation from germany is a possibility .
&quot; i believe that determined consideration about military courses of action should not take place without germany , &quot; he said .
he accused the european nations of &quot; collectively looking the other way &quot; .
four years ago one would have been happy for the chalice of military involvement to pass germany by .
&quot; now the conflict has come crashing down at our front door , &quot; he said on the german world service .
the former german ambassador to washington also called for a massive increase in international aid locally for the refugees .
austria running checks on southern and eastern borders
according to germany , austria has once more introduced checks to its southern and eastern borders .
the austrian interior minister , johanna mikl-leitner , stated on the austrian television channel orf on tuesday evening that currently nobody is being sent back to hungary .
nor has germany sent any refugees back to austria .
&quot; no , that is the agreement , &quot; she confirmed .
on the question of an agreement about whether a specific number of refugees per day can be taken to go to germany from austria , mikl-leitner said that discussions on this matter have already been held between the general director for public security and representatives of germany .
she gave no specific figures and referred to talks in berlin on wednesday .
over the last few days tens of thousands of refugees have arrived in austria from hungary over the so-called balkan route .
most of them are heading to germany .
german chancellor angela merkel ( cdu ) and her austrian colleague , werner faymann , together with a number of other eu states and heads of government , are proposing a special summit for next week .
on sunday germany started to impose temporary border controls .
to date the eu states have not been able to agree to a common approach to the crisis .
at a special meeting next tuesday ( 22 september ) the eu interior ministers want to make a new attempt at a mandatory redistribution of a further 120,000 refugees .
in view of the heavy influx of refugees into germany , the federal government wants to provide more support to the states with initial reception and distribution of people .
the federal government will manage this jointly with the states , announced merkel late on tuesday evening after a discussion lasting almost four hours with the prime minister in the chancellor &apos;s office in berlin .
merkel stressed that those people who need protection will get it .
but those who have no prospects of permanent residency will not be able to stay in germany .
this opinion is also clearly generally shared .
the chancellor stressed that the country as a whole must now make a &quot; huge effort &quot; .
thousands of desperate refugees are currently stuck on the balkan route .
on monday night hungary closed its 175 km long border with serbia .
a few hours later the government in budapest announced that it was also going to seal off the border with romania with a fence .
unlike serbia these neighbouring countries belong to the eu .
hungary wants to prevent people smugglers finding alternative routes through romania , said hungary &apos;s foreign minister peter szijjarto about the planned new border fences .
the romanian government immediately condemned the plan .
the first arrests of people who had breached the fence have taken place .
in turkey meanwhile , according to eyewitness reports , thousands more migrants are heading for the greek borders .
&quot; cassini &quot; space probe finds ocean on saturn &apos;s moon enceladus
under the icy crust of saturn &apos;s moon enceladus splashes a global ocean .
scientists have deduced this from observing the &quot; cassini &quot; space probe
this is the reason the moon wobbles slightly in its orbit of the ringed planet .
this wobbling is only minor , but nevertheless too much for a solid celestial body , it was stated on tuesday in a communication from cornell university in ithica in the us state of new york .
the scientists have published their findings in the &quot; icarus &quot; scientific journal .
it has long been known that there must be liquid water under enceladus &apos;s crust of ice .
&quot; cassini &quot; had already discovered ice volcanoes , which spew water vapour and ice particles that feed the so-called e ring of saturn , at the south pole of this moon in 2006 .
astonomers concluded at the time that there had to be a subsurface sea at least at the south pole .
the extent of the hidden ocean was however not clear .
rama absent from 1860 munich for several weeks
1860 munich must do without attacking midfielder valdet rama for about a month .
an examination revealed that the 27-year-old has suffered an adductor injury , the club revealed .
rama had complained of pain at the beginning of the week .
according to the munich lions , the diagnosis means &quot; probably a four week compulsory break &quot; .
&quot; it &apos;s hit us hard . rama is a bitter loss . &quot;
&quot; we have to think about it of course , &quot; sports director necat aygün told the &quot; bild &quot; newspaper , regarding the possible engagement of a professional who is not attached to a club .
however the next training guest the sexagenarian is due to present is a defender .
thirty-year-old hrvoje cale last played in belgium and was formerly under contract to vfl wolfsburg .
at the moment the croatian has &quot; the opportunity to prove himself &quot; .
following his concussion , goal scorer rubin okotie is returning to training with the team in the coming week .
the austrian international should be getting back to training runs on thursday .
okotie sustained a head injury in a violent collision in the match with fortuna dusseldorf ( 0 : 3 ) .
contrary to initial fears , however , the wound was not serious .
not a diet fruit – mangoes contain a lot of sugar
mangoes are exotic , juicy and sweet .
but anybody watching their waistline should avoid them .
because mangoes have a relatively high sugar content – primarily sucrose .
the exotic fruit is nevertheless healthy : they contain b vitamins as well as vitamins e and c. but most of all mangoes are full of vitamin a and its precursor , beta-carotene .
eating the fruit boosts the sight , immune system and the body &apos;s metabolic processes .
when buying mangoes they should not be too soft or too firm and they should have a pleasant aroma .
it is not possible to tell from the colour of the skin how ripe the fruit is – even green mangoes can taste delicious .
they should be kept at room temperature and consumed within a few days .
they are delicious on their own or in sweet dishes .
a mango also gives a special touch even to savoury dishes .
they mitigate the slightly bitter taste of some leaf salads such as chicory and radicchio .
and a mango chutney goes well with fish , poultry , lamb and game .
us parcel service ups is again taking on up to 9,500 temporary staff for its christmas service in the usa .
the company has already started to recruit seasonal workers , ups reported on tuesday .
we are loooking for drivers in particular .
in the past few years , ups increased its workforce by 9,500 for the four day season .
in light of booming online business , ups and its competitor fedex have for several years been making provisions earlier in order to be prepared for christmas business .
in 2013 there was harsh criticism of late deliveries by the parcel service .
first a foehn storm , then a pronounced cold front
the foehn will break through in the valleys on the northen side of the alps in the coming night , meteoschweiz announced on tuesday .
the foehn will blow through the foehn valleys on wednesday , continuing through the night , sometimes at gale force .
once the foehn has died away on thursday morning a prominent cold front will cut across our region , bringing heavy rainfall , gusty winds and a drop in temperature .
according to meteonews , switzerland is currently facing an extensive area of low pressure being brought from the british isles in a strong southwestern flow .
the foehn will break through the valleys on the northern sides of the alps during tuesday night .
the foehn will then blow through the foehn valleys until thursday morning with gusts of 60 to 100 km / h ; occasionally , and particularly in the canton of uri , increasing at times to over 100 km / h .
in places the foehn may advance into the adjacent midland , and on the mountains gale force winds of over 120 km / h are even possible .
while in the north stormy foehns on wednesday will bring summery temperatures of 23 to 27 degrees , moisture will begin to build up on the southern slopes of the alps .
here it will start to rain and this will continue until thursday evening .
over the next 48 hours the south of the alps can expect over 100 litres of rain per square metre in places , following on from a large volume of rain which has fallen over the last few days .
on thursday morning the foehn will die down , resulting in a cold front with heavy , sometimes thundery rain rolling from west to east over switzerland .
in conjunction with the cold front , the wind will get stronger increasing to stormy , and temperatures will decrease sharply .
the following days will be autumnal in the north with temperatures of 15 to 20 degrees , whereas in the south it will be sunnier and warmer at the weekend with temperatures up to 25 degrees .
rome now has a martin luther square
some 500 years after the reformation , rome now has a martin luther square .
in the presence of the mayor of the city , ignazio marino , a hitherto unnamed square in the park on the oppio hill was on wednesday bestowed with the name of the german reformer .
on the &quot; piazza martin lutreo &quot; he is now recognised as the &quot; german theologian of the reformation &quot; .
the park is in the centre of rome right next to the colosseum
the consortium of evangelical churches in rome proposed the choice of name .
jens-martin kruse , minister of the evangelical lutheran community in rome , recalled on wednesday that for centuries protestants in the pope &apos;s city often had to hide their faith .
the square is a visual symbol that their tradition of the christian faith is welcome in rome .
as a young augustinian monk , martin luther ( 1483-1546 ) stayed in rome for a few months at the turn of the year between 1510 and 1511 .
at the time he considered the city to be a degenerate hotbed of vice .
according to historians , his negative impressions may have been reinforced in his later fight against rome .
luther heralded the beginning of the western church with his theses against the selling of indulgences .
talented artist invests three years in his personal interpretation of the bible .
jesus with the ( gilded ) crown of thorns is one of the major works that otmar alt has painted for his bible .
klaus altepost has written an introduction and updated the text of the bible .
in the beginning was the word ?
no , not in the otmar alt bible , which has now been issued with magnificent pictures .
for otmar alt , who has devised his own personal interpretation of biblical stories in 150 motifs on paper and canvas , in the beginning was the picture .
the 75-year-old conceived his &quot; language &quot; with bright colours and imaginative forms - which are however by no means synonymous with &quot; funny &quot; pictures .
on the contrary : depending on the respective themes , they can appear to be thoroughly gloomy .
otmar alt worked on his bible project for around three years and for this project he made a subjective choice from an artistic perspective from the many subject areas in the &quot; book of books &quot; .
cycles evolved , dedicated to topics such as the way of the cross , plagues , the commandments or the lord &apos;s prayer .
without even approaching them , he immediately attacted multiple partners : this applies to the luther verlag , a publisher specialising in theological works as well as the kettler verlag , who focus on publishing art books .
and in particular author klaus altepost , who has grappled with the particular bible passages based on the paintings .
he has interpreted the bible texts selected by otmar alt and &quot; translated &quot; them to the current day , in a topical context .
these texts are like verbal mirrors of alt &apos;s paintings .
they are embedded between the original bible quotations of martin luther and each composition by the artist , who has here formulated his own personal concepts for the respective situations .
the decorated cover of the book is lettered in gold .
the 75-year-old allows at the same time a twofold insight , deep into both his soul and his emotions .
this is particularly intimate .
ultimately , his emotions were the key trigger for the bible project : otmar alt , who was born in wernigerode in 1940 and grew up in berlin , comes from a family belonging to the strict protestant herrnhut order .
&quot; education there took place under the shadow of the cane &quot; , remembers otmar alt .
&quot; i have tried to process this , so that perhaps i can come to terms with the lord again .
his second point is that he wants to help art once more to take a more significant place in this fast moving age : &quot; the perception of the visual world today is shaped by advertising , which is loud .
symbolism has been driven out .
artists have a different passion and joy in presenting things .
pictures always have something mysterious about them ; they are not decoration .
&quot; in this respect , i am a dinosaur . &quot;
otmar alt wants his viewers to let themselves &quot; fall into &quot; the pictures , to let them leave their impression , to discover and experience the power they have : &quot; the picture is looking for its counterpart &quot; .
at the launch of the otmar alt bible on tuesday , klaus altepost confessed to having &quot; always &quot; been a lover of otmar alt &apos;s art : &quot; i like the way he sees life with his pictures &quot; .
alt was not interested in recording the whole of the bible , selecting only the the themes which were for him the most significant and also the most mysterious .
&quot; this wasn &apos;t a collaboration between partners , &quot; says altepost , &quot; it was about the pictures ; the text is merely an explanation . &quot; the result is a picture bible .
for hans möhler of the luther verlag this work is an invitation &quot; to add depth to his life and to find freedom &quot; .
otmar alt &apos;s pictures speak , for möhler , the ( biblical ) language of love as well as that of responsibility .
some of the originals - paper and canvas - will be shown for the first time in an exhibition which opens on 15th november in the otmar alt foundation .
start of construction draws closer for bmx track
plans made , site found , company commissioned , mound for a circuit modelled : one year later , everything was nearly finished - but even before the official opening of the bmx track it was closed again .
political and administrative failings caused anger , particularly with residents who did not want to put up with the track .
so the mound was demolished and the search began for a new site - now with a formal application for planning permission .
approval will be received in october , chief local councillor sabine mosebach-boch has now been able to inform the children &apos;s and young people &apos;s committee .
&quot; i hope that this year something will be seen to happen , &quot; she said .
the work should then be started without any &quot; further pause for thought &quot; at the site of the former indoor swimming pool .
dfb steps up its commitment to refugees
the german football league gave clear indications at the weekend that the dfb is extending its commitment to refugees to 2019 .
football has reacted to the deteriorating situation in germany and promised politicians its help with the current problems .
&quot; i consider this to be the biggest challenge in our country since reunification . &quot;
&quot; basically nobody knows , it &apos;s no concern of mine , it &apos;s not my doing . &quot;
&quot; it is in the interests of everybody to get to grip with this issue , &quot; says dfb chief wolfgang niersbach .
he wants to debate the subject of the refugee situation in germany intensively at the annual meeting with german chancellor angela merkel on 23 september in berlin .
i &apos;m going to be in the chancellor &apos;s office next wednesday and i &apos;m meeting there with state minister ms özoğuz and the chancellor . &quot;
&quot; i &apos;m sure the topic will play a central role there , &quot; he announces .
football can and will help .
but the politicians must set the deciding guidelines .
the german football association has therefore extended its refugee initiative &quot; 1 : 0 for a welcome &quot; to four years .
&quot; through the egidius-braun foundation we have ensured that this program will continue until 2019 , &quot; declared niersbach on the brink of the uefa meeting in st julian &apos;s , malta
several teams are also supporting the programme .
this very weekend the 36 professional clubs will be sending out a clear message when they wear the words &quot; we are helping – # refugeeswelcome &quot; on the left sleeve of their strip instead of the usual sponsor &apos;s logo ( hermes ) .
&quot; we are doing this to make it clear that everyone should help where and in any way they can , &quot; leverkusen &apos;s sport boss rudi völler told the &quot; bild &quot; newspaper on tuesday , and describes the scheme as &quot; a matter of course &quot; .
&quot; the refugee drama concerns everyone , nobody can look away . &quot;
&quot; we football teams can , no , we must use our charisma , our influence , and our opportunities to help the many refugees who have already suffered tremendously , &quot; says hertha manager michael preetz .
hoffenheim &apos;s managing director peter rettig spoke of a prominent signal by the league .
the women &apos;s national team is inviting 100 refugees to halle ( saale ) for the world cup qualifying match against hungary .
niersbach describes supporting the refugees as &quot; a grand joint effort by german football . &quot;
it is amazing that all 36 licensed clubs have started their own projects in their own locations .
it is just as amazing that both small and large clubs are doing this .
the message &quot; 1 : 0 for a welcome , &quot; that we have sent out is being lived in football .
&quot; that is of enormous significance , &quot; he said .
in both this year and next year the association together with the dfb team and the federal government are making € 300,000 available for the integration of refugees .
&quot; the clubs have already already released the entire sum for 2015 , &quot; reports niersbach .
reports : sap chief executive loses an eye in accident
according to several reports , the chief executive of europe &apos;s largest software group , bill mcdermott , lost his left eye through a fall at the beginning of july .
in an accident on the stairs in his brother &apos;s house in the usa after midnight , he fell on a water glass he was carrying in his left hand , reported the &quot; wirtschaftswoche &quot; on wednesday .
&quot; he almost bled to death , he was unconscious , then he dragged himself out onto the road - so he told us last week , &quot; the &quot; wiwo &quot; quoted sap co-founder hasso plattner .
mcdermott will however be able to return to work .
&quot; we are meeting up at the board meeting in walldorf at the beginning of october , &quot; said plattner .
the 54-year-old manager will be at the meeting and &quot; fully fit for work &quot; .
mcdermott announced in an interview with the &quot; süddeutschen zeitung &quot; ( thursday &apos;s edition ) that he will come back to germany in october and take over the lead at the software group again .
&quot; i am definitely there for sap , completely involved in my job . &quot;
&quot; i have of course been in regular contact with the board and its chairman , hasso plattner , the whole time , &quot; mcdermott told the &quot; sz &quot; .
mcdermott normally commutes between germany and the usa , but since the summer he has no longer been in the sap german headquarters in walldorf .
ii is important to him to go public with such a personal story , the manager told the &quot; sz &quot; : &quot; it could happen to anyone &quot; .
&quot; the important thing is to get up again if you fall down . &quot;
mclaren reserve driver magnussen out of action …
magnussen twittered a photo of the damage and explained that he received the injury falling from a bike .
this means that his chances of being reserve driver to the two main drivers , fernando alonso and jenson button , for the night race in singapore at the weekend are as slim as those for the grand prix in japan a week later .
football : bvb v krasnodar without reus : weidenfeller in goal
all hopes have been crushed for borussia dortmund that marco reus might make a comeback in the first group match of the european league .
the international player will also be missing from the german bundesliga leader &apos;s match in its dual with fk krasnodar on thursday ( 7 p.m. on sky ) .
&quot; unfortunately he isn &apos;t in the running , &quot; said thomas tuchel on wednesday .
the bvb coach is leaving it open as to whether reus will be there on sunday in the bundesliga top match against leverkusen : &quot; we are expecting him to return to training on friday &quot; .
in light of the heavy burden on his professionals , tuchel does not want to change his first choice 11 just because of reus &apos;s position .
so he has announced a change of goalkeeper .
thus roman weidenfeller is taking the place of regular keeper roman bürki .
&quot; he &apos;s training at absolute top level , &quot; praised the world champion &apos;s football coach .
tuchel is leaving it open as to whether weidenfelder will be used in all european league matches in the future .
it is highly likely that he will also play the second game .
midfielder julian weigl considers team mate reus &apos;s brisk statement that the final of the european league must be bvb &apos;s objective quite understandable : &quot; marco isn &apos;t so far off the mark with that &quot; .
&quot; i think we &apos;ve got a good chance of picking up the title . &quot;
robot cars : government wants germany to take a leading role
the federal government wants germany to be technological leaders in changes to cars .
on wednesday the german cabinet resolved on a policy document introduced by the minister of transport alexander dobrindt ( csu ) which provides , among other things , for investment in development of digital infrastructure .
dobrindt spoke in frankfurt on wednesday , on the brink of the iaa motor show , about a &quot; new era of mobility &quot; .
automated and networked driving will increase traffic safety and ensure fewer traffic jams , said dobrindt .
he wants to discuss the topic with his counterparts from the g7 countries , who are also meeting with representatives of industry at the iaa .
the transport ministry policy document stressed among other things the importance of the development of mobile broadband and a rapid switch to digital radio .
there is currently a test area on the a9 motorway to try out the new technology .
in order that &quot; no extra liability risk will be imposed &quot; on drivers , the government wants to &quot; examine and , where necessary , adapt &quot; legal parameters to the new developments .
germany wants to agree on international provisions for the speed limit for driverless cars to be raised from 10 to 130 kilometers per hour .
the german government also wants to reach an agreement on changes to the vienna convention , which to date only provides for human beings as drivers .
with automatic driving the car increasingly takes control and the driver becomes more and more the passenger .
the technology is primarily based on sensors and cameras which capture the environment and process data in seconds .
according to a study submitted by the ministry of the environment , highly automated driving will be technically possible on motorways by 2020 .
however driverless vehicles &quot; are not anticipated until 2020 &quot; on public roads .
the authors of the study estimate the added value in the field of driver assistance systems and highly automated driving functions in germany will be around € 8.4 billion for 2025 .
&quot; digital networking of cars can lead to greater safety and efficiency in road traffic , &quot; says spd transport politician sören bartol .
however the issue of liability for accidents and the security of drivers &apos; personal data must be conclusively clarified .
and germans still view driverless cars sceptically – much more than the french or americans .
a survey by the forsa institute commissioned by the testing organisation dekra , presented to the iaa on wednesday , concludes that only eight percent of germans believe that autonomously driven vehicles will catch on in the coming 10 years , 32 percent estimate it will take 20 years and 31 percent do not believe it will happen at all .
in france 21 percent of those asked expect to see autonomously driven cars by 2025 and in the usa 33 percent .
anyway drivers in germany are not yet ready to rely on a completely self driven car .
according to a survey by the digital association bitkom , only seven percent agree that control should be handed over to the car during the entire journey on all roads .
nevertheless , 15 percent could imagine this happening on motorways in free-flowing traffic and 45 percent in traffic jams .
approximately one in four would never give control to the car under any circumstances .
boll not to play in team and doubles in european championship
as things stand , the dusseldorf player plans to play only in the singles in the competition , running from 25 september to 4 october .
the final decision will be made on 22 september .
&quot; it is a major loss for our team . &quot;
&quot; the lads heard about it this morning . &quot;
&quot; but we are strong enough to pick up the title without timo , &quot; said national coach jörg rosskopf during european championship training in dusseldorf .
at this time boll was on a flight to a long arranged appointment with sponsors in china .
the 34-year-old german champion is expected back on friday .
&quot; without timo we have the disadvantage of no longer being the clear favourites , &quot; declared individual european champion dimitrij ovcharov .
but the hamelin player , who is the top seed in ekaterinburg , also remembers the european championship in schwechat in 2013 .
&quot; we didn &apos;t have timo then either , and we still became european champions . &quot;
&quot; that is what we need to focus on , &quot; declared the world number five .
the english football national player luke shaw , of manchester , united has sustained a severe injury to his right leg .
in the course of the tackle in the champions league game with psv eindhoven , the defender was hit by héctor moreno and after a long bout of treatment was replaced .
initial diagnosis indicates that the 20-year-old who used to play with bastian schweinsteiger has broken his tibia .
gaultier feels too old to be an enfant terrible
it is a mixture of a huge fashion show and a waxworks chamber of horrors : designer jean paul gaultier ( 63 ) presented an exhibition of his work in munich on wednesday .
the highlights : mannequins which look alarmingly human thanks to video projection .
they wear the french designer &apos;s spectacular creations , which among other things became the big star of the fashion scene with madonna &apos;s stage outfits - and also put men in skirts .
&quot; these days i can &apos;t say i &apos;m the enfant terrible of haute couture any longer , because i have white hair . &quot;
“ it used to be bleached , nowadays it &apos;s real , ” says gaultier .
for visitors to the exhibition , &quot; from the sidewalk to the catwalk &quot; , which can be seen in the kunsthalle at the hypo culture foundation from 1 september , it is fortunate that the fashion designer has changed his initially reluctant attitude to a show about his own character .
originally he was against it because , &quot; for me an exhibition sounded a bit like death , &quot; he said .
when you die , you get put into a museum .
this remarkable collection has already been staged in montreal , canada , and in paris .
it &apos;s about a lot more than beautiful clothes , &quot; says the director of the kunsthalle , roger diederen .
it is about tolerance , acceptance and the vision of an open society .
the exhibits provide an insight into the hard to overlook work of the man who wrote the history of fashion without ever having finished his education .
the show is not constructed chronologically , but it is a brilliantly choreographed complete work of art which has involved a great deal of effort : for example a stylist has been engaged especially to look after the mannequins &apos; hair .
according to curator thierry-maxime loriot , the creators carted 14 tonnes of material to munich .
shortly before the start of oktoberfest there was also a special treat in store : a lederhosen outfit with a corset .
heidi meets madonna
he has always been interested in strong women ( &quot; women are cleverer than men &quot; ) and in people who are a little different , says gaultier .
even gaultier &apos;s old teddy is on show in the exhibition .
he represents the designer &apos;s first , tentative steps at fashion .
as a child ( he was not a good pupil and he was bad at football ) , he dressed his teddy in bras and dresses .
his parents did not allow him to play with dolls .
later he taught himself fashion design .
he stole fashion magazines and scrutinised other designers &apos; creations , gaultier told us in munich .
of course , later i bought them .
he was not able to pay the models for his first fashion show .
they got nothing , but they were allowed to keep the clothes .
decoration instead of curtains – plauen lace as a fashion niche
there used to be long embroidery machines in and around plauen making many metres
of embroidered fabrics and laces in vast quantities for customers who made , for example , table cloths and curtains .
this is no longer the case today , explains andreas reinhardt , managing director of modespitze plauen .
instead , fashion is once more important .
in the early days of plauen lace , fashion played a large role , then it was replaced by the home textile industry – and now it is being rediscovered as a niche .
reinhardt gave a few examples : lace in decoration , for accessories such as bags and for traditional costumes .
generally , so-called vintage fashion , based on style eras from the past , is producing an increasing potential for orders .
anyone in the textile industry in germany who cannot serve a niche is no longer in the market .
we are already getting half of all our contracts this way .
modespitze plauen , together with nine other businesses , is a member of the plauener spitze und stickereien trade association .
only they are allowed to bear the protected label .
sales have fallen by around 80 percent over the last 15 years .
there are now hardly any private speciality shops or wholesalers .
our products hardly reach the customers over these channels .
nowadays mass produced goods are manufactured much more cheaply in the asian region and sold almost exclusively through chains .
furthermore exports to russia and the usa are currently weakening slightly .
this is enough reason for new directions .
the trade association is also trying to score with environmental consciousness , as cordelia bauer of stickperle in falkenstein explains . &quot; as of this year we have implemented a seal of quality which shows that our production is ecologically and socially compatible .
reinhardt added , &quot; this also applies to the materials we use &quot; .
qualified designer ute schmidt teaches in the faculty for applied arts at the schneeberg branch of the west saxony university of zwickau and specialises in embroidery and lace .
in order to face the competition from the asian regions one has to find high-quality and innovative products .
that takes time and courage .
there is a field of tension between the designers &apos; newest ideas and businesses , who must think primarily in commercial terms , &quot; says schmidt .
this is why existing designs are often only slightly varied in order to keep core customers .
a few years ago textile designer kati reuter revitalised the historic snowball lace .
the machines embroider small beads in selected places .
plauen master goldsmith bianca hallebach-krauße was inspired by this . &quot; in the past i had no use for traditional plauen lace &quot; .
now she uses the snowball lace for her jewellery .
using an elaborate process she embosses the pattern in silver .
&quot; many people in the region identify themselves with plauen lace – young and old , &quot; says reuter .
she also delivers to the usa , australia and finland – primarily to customers whose forefathers lived in plauen and the surrounding area and who want to have a memento .
so with my jewellery i see myself as a modern ambassador for plauen lace .
disney plans new &quot; mary poppins &quot; film
you shouldn &apos;t interfere with legends , but disney is daring to make a new film of the classic &quot; mary poppins &quot; anyway .
but according to &quot; entertainment weekly &quot; it is not going to be a remake but a sort of sequel , set 20 years after the first film with the magical nanny .
it is about the nanny &apos;s experiences with the banks family in the time of the great depression in england .
who is going to take the role of mary poppins , played 50 years ago by julie andrews , is not yet certain .
but the director has been decided : rob marshall , whose most recent film was &quot; into the woods &quot; .
xi urges to open economy wider to world
the economy must open wider to the outside world to fuel growth , president xi jinping told a group tasked with steering reform on tuesday .
&quot; china should be committed to attracting foreign investment and expertise , and improve opening-up policies , &quot; he said , addressing the 16th meeting of the central leading group for deepening overall reform .
promoting opening up while pushing forward reforms will add new impetus and vitality , and provide new room for economic growth , xi said .
the leading group adopted a series of guidelines including a negative list regulating market access , relaxation of border-control policies , encouraging state-owned enterprises ( soe ) to absorb private capital and overhauling the resident registration system .
according to the statement , a negative list , identifying sectors and businesses that are off-limits for investment , will be drawn up .
the system will be gradually tested and improved through trial programs .
the move is significant as it will give the market a bigger role in allocating resources , ensuring a law-based business environment and making the market more open , the statement said .
the government will also loosen controls on the powers it delegates to companies , making sure that companies decide how to run their businesses .
the statement also said china will allow border areas to explore new models of cross-border economic cooperation and new mechanisms for promoting regional growth .
in a bid to open up state-controlled sectors , more areas will be open to private investment .
&quot; the government will not change its policy toward foreign investment , and will protect the lawful interests of foreign-funded companies and provide better services for them , &quot; said the statement .
in addition , it will be made easier for foreigners to apply for permanent residence permits , or &quot; green card , &quot; by optimizing requirements and streamlining the application process .
guaranteeing lawyers &apos; right to practice and nurturing professional judges and prosecutors were also discussed at a meeting .
the meeting was also attended by premier li keqiang , and senior leaders liu yunshan and zhang gaoli , according to a statement released after the meeting .
eu wants to double the mercury limit in predatory fish
the eu commission wants to double the limits for mercury in large predatory fish and consumers therefore can expect a significantly higher dose of this neurotoxin .
the consumer organisation foodwatch , to which an eu working paper on the subject was made available , is heavily critical of the plans . &quot; risks and side effects of inappropriate industry and environmental politics will be passed on with full force to pregnant women and small children , &quot; declared matthias wolfschmidt of foodwatch .
according to wolfschmidt , the limits for the neurotoxin for large fish at the end of the food chain such as for example shark or swordfish are going to be raised from 1 to 2 mg of mercury per kilogram of fish for &quot; economic reasons &quot; .
large predatory fish however are today so heavily contaminated with mercury that based on the still current limits some 50 percent of catches may not be sold .
once the limit has been doubled , however , only 14.5 percent would be unsaleable .
in return for this relaxation the eu , according to foodwatch , wants to tighten the limits for other fish from the current 0.5 mg to 0.1 mg of mercury per kilogram .
but foodwatch describes this as a &quot; trick &quot; , because smaller prey fish , such as for example carp , generally have so little contamination that these planned maximum levels are already complied with today .
the reduction for small fish therefore is &quot; a perfidious diversionary tactic which helps only the economy , &quot; declares wolfschmidt .
mercury is for human beings a highly toxic heavy metal which accumulates largely in the food chain , above all in predatory fish .
for this reason the german government has issued a warning that &quot; even low levels , particularly in unborn children , can lead to damage to the nervous system &quot; .
the german environment minister , however , declared on his home page with regard to the current maximum levels that a &quot; health risk to the general population &quot; is not anticipated .
mercury is released into the environment primarily through the burning of coal .
german coal plants , according to written information from the german ministry of the environment to green bundestag member annalena baerbock , discharge more than six tonnes of mercury per year , two thirds of the total amount emitted in germany .
the concentration of mercury in fish , for example in the elbe , rhine and danube , is &quot; extensively exceeded on a long-term basis , &quot; the &quot; spiegel &quot; newspaper quoted from the paper in march .
in the past year , europe-wide alerts on mercury in fish rated among the most frequently reported health risks in the eu warning system rasff .
foodwatch is calling for consumers to protest against the eu plans under : www.quecksilber-aktion.foodwatch.de
gutach : increased safety for pedestrians
they are not even 100 metres apart : on tuesday , the new b 33 pedestrian lights in dorfparkplatz in gutach became operational - within view of the existing town hall traffic lights .
two sets of lights so close to one another : intentional or just a silly error ?
yesterday , gutacht &apos;s mayor gave a clear answer to this question .
&quot; at the time , the town hall traffic lights were installed because this was a school route , &quot; explained eckert yesterday .
the kluser lights protect cyclists , as well as those travelling by bus and the residents of bergle .
the system , which officially became operational yesterday , is of importance to the sulzbachweg / kirchstrasse junction .
we have the museum , two churches , the spa gardens , the bus stop , a doctor &apos;s practice and a bank , not to mention the traffic from the &apos; grub &apos; residential area .
&quot; at times of high road and pedestrian traffic , an additional set of lights were required to ensure safety , &quot; said eckert .
this was also confirmed by peter arnold from the offenburg district office .
&quot; according to current measurements , around 12,000 vehicles travel through the town of gutach on the b33 on a daily basis , of which heavy goods traffic accounts for around ten per cent , &quot; emphasised arnold .
therefore the construction of an additional set of lights was more than necessary : &quot; here safety comes first , it &apos;s that simple , &quot; said arnold .
a total of four road safety inspections were carried out and a roundabout was also considered , however , this idea was rejected on account of the narrowness of the sulzbachweg / kirchstrasse junctions .
according to arnold , every possible test was carried out prior to the selection of the location for the traffic light posts : &quot; using a goods vehicle loaded with particularly long tree trunks , we also tested whether such vehicles could access the b 33 from the sulzbachweg without knocking over the traffic light posts &quot; .
the traffic light system itself , which cost around eur 15,000 , is the &quot; most modern system that is currently available on the market , &quot; explained arnold .
the system is fitted with coloured leds , which are bright enough that drivers can easily see the lights , even when the sun is low in the sky .
and they are also energy-efficient : the older light systems consume around 100 watts , with the new ones consuming just eight .
there are three sets of lights per direction of travel .
arnold explained the technology used by the new system : it is fitted with two radar sensors .
if the pedestrian presses the button at the traffic lights , the top radar sensor checks the traffic status .
if the street is clear , the pedestrian obtains a green light immediately , if not , there is a delay of around 15 seconds .
an additional radar sensor checks whether the green phase for the pedestrian can be ended .
&quot; if a group of people or if disabled persons are crossing the street , the green phase is extended , thus ensuring that everyone gets safely across the street , &quot; explained arnold .
of course , drivers must also play their part and keep their eyes on the road .
yesterday this was not the case : the light had barely turned green for pedestrians when a luxury vehicle sped through on a red light .
for more than 30 years , josef winkler has been writing from the heart , telling of the hardships of his childhood and youth .
the catastrophes of his catholic village upbringing - the speechlessness , his tendency towards brute force and dulled sexuality , the confinement and lack of joy - all of this has been described many times by the kaernten-born poet .
the büchner prizewinner is known primarily as a writer of prose , with theatre texts something of a rarity for him .
in a collage of prose texts for his performance piece , &quot; wetterleuchten auf der zungenspitze &quot; ( summer lightning on the tip of your tongue ) , which can now be seen in garage x on petersplatz , gerhard fresacher , creates a collage of prose texts .
the theatre producer has thus combined elements from the autobiographically inspired novel &quot; der leibeigene &quot; ( 1987 ) &#91; the bondsman &#93; featuring prose miniatures from &quot; leichnam , seine familie belauernd &quot; ( 2003 ) &#91; corpse , stalking his family &#93; .
on the predominantly empty stage - with one important requirement : a crumpled sofa , on which cast members allude to copulating and masturbating - the eight-person ensemble work their way through the text material .
however , director fresacher seems to have little trust in the text .
the 70-minute performance glosses over the script with a host of director &apos;s additions , well-known from the repertoire of post-dramatic theatrical styles .
in particular , the actresses play a major role in the sometimes rather dubious staging .
they are manhandled , their heads held under water , tacked to the wall by their evening gowns .
wrapped in cellophane or in girdles , they stumble on dangerously high heels across the set , either delivering monologues at the top of their voices or lying completely silent on the stage .
however , the source text makes barely any reference to this intense delivery .
the best moments of the evening is when the singing starts - tracks range from deep purple to traditional folk songs .
only towards the end does the highly charged performance start to wind down , and we see flashes of winkler &apos;s somewhat absurd sense of humour .
a black box in your car ?
as america &apos;s road planners struggle to find the cash to mend a crumbling highway system , many are beginning to see a solution in a little black box that fits neatly by the dashboard of your car .
the devices , which track every mile a motorist drives and transmit that information to bureaucrats , are at the center of a controversial attempt in washington and state planning offices to overhaul the outdated system for funding america &apos;s major roads .
the usually dull arena of highway planning has suddenly spawned intense debate and colorful alliances .
libertarians have joined environmental groups in lobbying to allow government to use the little boxes to keep track of the miles you drive , and possibly where you drive them - then use the information to draw up a tax bill .
the tea party is aghast .
the american civil liberties union is deeply concerned , too , raising a variety of privacy issues .
and while congress can &apos;t agree on whether to proceed , several states are not waiting .
they are exploring how , over the next decade , they can move to a system in which drivers pay per mile of road they roll over .
thousands of motorists have already taken the black boxes , some of which have gps monitoring , for a test drive .
this really is a must for our nation .
&quot; it is not a matter of something we might choose to do , &quot; said hasan ikhrata , executive director of the southern california assn. of governments , which is planning for the state to start tracking miles driven by every california motorist by 2025 .
there is going to be a change in how we pay these taxes .
the technology is there to do it .
the push comes as the country &apos;s highway trust fund , financed with taxes americans pay at the gas pump , is broke .
americans don &apos;t buy as much gas as they used to .
cars get many more miles to the gallon .
the federal tax itself , 18.4 cents per gallon , hasn &apos;t gone up in 20 years .
politicians are loath to raise the tax even one penny when gas prices are high .
&quot; the gas tax is just not sustainable , &quot; said lee munnich , a transportation policy expert at the university of minnesota .
his state recently put tracking devices on 500 cars to test out a pay-by-mile system .
&quot; this works out as the most logical alternative over the long term , &quot; he said .
wonks call it a mileage-based user fee .
it is no surprise that the idea appeals to urban liberals , as the taxes could be rigged to change driving patterns in ways that could help reduce congestion and greenhouse gases , for example .
california planners are looking to the system as they devise strategies to meet the goals laid out in the state &apos;s ambitious global warming laws .
but rep. bill shuster ( r-pa . ) , chairman of the house transportation committee , has said he , too , sees it as the most viable long-term alternative .
the free marketeers at the reason foundation are also fond of having drivers pay per mile .
&quot; this is not just a tax going into a black hole , &quot; said adrian moore , vice president of policy at reason .
people are paying more directly into what they are getting .
the movement is also bolstered by two former u.s. transportation secretaries , who in a 2011 report urged congress to move in the pay-per-mile direction .
the u.s. senate approved a $ 90-million pilot project last year that would have involved about 10,000 cars .
but the house leadership killed the proposal , acting on concerns of rural lawmakers representing constituents whose daily lives often involve logging lots of miles to get to work or into town .
several states and cities are nonetheless moving ahead on their own .
the most eager is oregon , which is enlisting 5,000 drivers in the country &apos;s biggest experiment .
those drivers will soon pay the mileage fees instead of gas taxes to the state .
nevada has already completed a pilot .
new york city is looking into one .
illinois is trying it on a limited basis with trucks .
and the i-95 coalition , which includes 17 state transportation departments along the eastern seaboard ( including maryland , pennsylvania , virginia and florida ) , is studying how they could go about implementing the change .
the concept is not a universal hit .
in nevada , where about 50 volunteers &apos; cars were equipped with the devices not long ago , drivers were uneasy about the government being able to monitor their every move .
&quot; concerns about big brother and those sorts of things were a major problem , &quot; said alauddin khan , who directs strategic and performance management at the nevada department of transportation .
it was not something people wanted .
as the trial got underway , the aclu of nevada warned on its website : &quot; it would be fairly easy to turn these devices into full-fledged tracking devices . &quot;
there is no need to build an enormous , unwieldy technological infrastructure that will inevitably be expanded to keep records of individuals &apos; everyday comings and goings .
nevada is among several states now scrambling to find affordable technology that would allow the state to keep track of how many miles a car is being driven , but not exactly where and at what time .
if you can do that , khan said , the public gets more comfortable .
the hunt for that technology has led some state agencies to a small california startup called true mileage .
the firm was not originally in the business of helping states tax drivers .
it was seeking to break into an emerging market in auto insurance , in which drivers would pay based on their mileage .
but the devices it is testing appeal to highway planners because they don &apos;t use gps and deliver a limited amount of information , uploaded periodically by modem .
&quot; people will be more willing to do this if you do not track their speed and you do not track their location , &quot; said ryan morrison , chief executive of true mileage .
there have been some big mistakes in some of these state pilot programs .
there are a lot less expensive and less intrusive ways to do this .
in oregon , planners are experimenting with giving drivers different choices .
they can choose a device with or without gps .
or they can choose not to have a device at all , opting instead to pay a flat fee based on the average number of miles driven by all state residents .
other places are hoping to sell the concept to a wary public by having the devices do more , not less .
in new york city , transportation officials are seeking to develop a taxing device that would also be equipped to pay parking meter fees , provide &quot; pay-as-you-drive &quot; insurance , and create a pool of real-time speed data from other drivers that motorists could use to avoid traffic .
&quot; motorists would be attracted to participate because of the value of the benefits it offers to them , &quot; says a city planning document .
some transportation planners , though , wonder if all the talk about paying by the mile is just a giant distraction .
at the metropolitan transportation commission in the san francisco bay area , officials say congress could very simply deal with the bankrupt highway trust fund by raising gas taxes .
an extra one-time or annual levy could be imposed on drivers of hybrids and others whose vehicles don &apos;t use much gas , so they pay their fair share .
&quot; there is no need for radical surgery when all you need to do is take an aspirin , &quot; said randy rentschler , the commission &apos;s director of legislation and public affairs .
if we do this , hundreds of millions of drivers will be concerned about their privacy and a host of other things .
königsfeld : small team gives a spirited performance
the voluntary fire service bravely came through the main autumn test run in spite of a lack of personnel .
only eleven men took part in the exercise .
for the training exercise , department commander , hans kammerer , chose the feder premises on burgberger strasse .
a short-circuit was reported to have occurred there during sawing .
two people were injured by the resulting fire and the spread of smoke , however , one was able to make an emergency call .
two fire fighters equipped with respiratory gear prepared to enter the building following the initial inspection of the situation by hans kammerer .
after a short time they managed to find the first person and direct them out of the building .
the second person had to be carried .
this was not so simple as they also had to negotiate a narrow stairwell .
the building , a workshop with integrated stabling for two horses , was not easy to secure .
there were large quantities of wood and bales of straw stored inside .
in addition to this , there were also electrical machines for wood processing .
the first attempt to extinguish the fire was made using the tank on the fire engine .
another line was taken from the surface hydrant around 100 metres away .
only three attempts could be made to extinguish the blaze .
a hollow-stream nozzle in the building was also used .
for hans kammerer , the exercise was also a chance to show what can be achieved with just a few available staff .
in case of emergency , support is provided by the königsfeld daytime task force .
the commander expressed his satisfaction following the exercise .
networking between universities and companies is important
on a visit to the district of breisgau-hochschwarzwald , it was explained to parliamentary president guido wolf in titisee-neustadt where the workforce of tomorrow will come from .
in the hochschwarzwald support centre , he addressed this important question alongside the executive principals of the vocational colleges and the district grammar school and the chairs of the parents &apos; council .
&quot; education is an important factor for the location , &quot; highlighted claudia stehle , director of the hans thoma school , which introduced the networked hochschwarzwald education centre schools project .
during the presentation , wolf seemed impressed by the educational pilot project .
since 2011 , there has been successful collaboration in wälderstadt between the support centre , the district grammar school and the vocational school complex .
he also praised the family-friendly approach within the district .
&quot; it is important , not only to keep the family life stage in mind , but , on account of demographic change , the period spent providing long-term care and support for relatives as well , &quot; explained wolf .
he also stated that an increasing number of employed persons are looking after the long-term care and support of relatives .
&quot; without support from their employer , the resulting burden placed on employees could result in the termination of the employment contract , &quot; said wolf .
however , nobody can afford to lose qualified workers , &quot; he added .
another , particularly important factor is that of networking between universities and companies .
&quot; after all , people who have learned of the merits of the region during their studies often remain within the region , along with their acquired knowledge and skills , which contributes to the strengthening of the region , &quot; said the state parliamentary president , expressing his thorough conviction .
for it is only if a sufficient number of educational places can be provided that the need for skilled workers can be covered .
in his opinion , the district &apos;s advantage as a location is its advantageous location in south-west germany , in immediate proximity to france and switzerland .
in addition to this , on his train journey from titisee-neustadt to freiburg , he experienced first-hand the efforts already undertaken to develop public transport .
&quot; you must continue to be tenacious and make sure that local public transport becomes even better , &quot; he explained in the address given to the local politicians in attendance .
music makes for an entertaining afternoon
it was 15 years ago that the kaul family first invited the dietingen senior citizens for coffee and cake , followed by a snack .
previously , the elderly citizens were hosted in the service station canteen .
the coffee afternoon is now held in the st. josef nursing home .
the residents of the home were delighted with the delicious cakes and tarts .
later on , a sausage salad was provided .
silvia kimmich-bantle and her father karl kimmich entertained those in attendance with popular tunes .
the more than 100-year-old natural stone wall , serving as the foremost boundary between the old school yard - which is due to be renovated - and kirchstrasse , will once again feature on the renovation cost plan for the town of bräunlingen .
in the days before the kilbig autumn folk festival , when the first renovation work was being carried out at the front of the school yard , a small corner wall with balustrades was installed to stabilise and relieve the static load on the old natural stone wall , which is more than one hundred years old .
according to alexander misok of the bräunlingen municipal planning and building control authority , the ongoing procedure plans to involve the regional memorial authority in the planning stage and to draw up a renovation concept for the old wall .
a cost calculation is to be performed by a team of professionals , which will then be submitted to the town council , which will make a decision and determine the ongoing procedure .
a decision is expected to be made in the coming year .
following the renovation , plastering and planting of trees in the old internal school yard , within the two wings of the 1912 school , as a subsequent measure the boundary wall , which is in need of refurbishment , must be renovated from the ground up within the foreseeable future .
the historic , one hundred-year-old boundary wall between the old school-yard and kirchstrasse is in need of renovation , primarily as a result of water and frost damage , on account of the lack of drainage , and is leaning forwards .
deep cracks in a number of individual stones testify to the weather damage , however , at present the wall is not in danger of collapse .
a secure wall is essential for a school yard that is used by pupils , and this is the purpose of the current fortification work .
the school yard renovation was originally planned back in 2008 / 2009 , however , high unplanned expenses meant that the work had to be pushed back .
the regional memorial authority will have a major say in the historic school wall renovation , which has even been used for filming .
if this authority were to impose requirements , then the town of bräunlingen would hope to receive subsidies from the monument preservationists .
the pupils of the bräunlingen primary school , who are now being taught in a well renovated old school building , with a new hall , will soon be able to use the old school yard as well .
özdemir wants jazz training in stuttgart
cem özdemir , federal chairman of the green party , has now engaged in the ongoing discussions regarding the future of the baden-wuerttemberg music academy .
&quot; i do not think it is right to abandon comprehensive training in the stuttgart music college , &quot; said özdemir , speaking to the &quot; stuttgarter nachrichten &quot; .
jazz and classical music belong together at the jazz location of stuttgart .
as such , özdemir , who is the favourite in stuttgart for a direct mandate in the parliamentary elections on 22 september , is in disagreement with the green-red state government .
on the basis of an expert study , this government is urging the reorganisation of the five music colleges in baden-wuerttemberg .
in accordance with these plans , the jazz and pop courses , among others , are to be relocated from the stuttgart music college to the mannheim music college .
us borders : &quot; super tunnel &quot; for drug smuggling discovered
on the border between mexico and the usa , investigators have discovered and shut down a &quot; super tunnel &quot; intended for drug smuggling .
as announced by the us customs authorities , the pipe between tijuana and san diego , measuring more than 500 metres in length , was equipped with electricity , a railway track and a ventilation system .
three suspects were detained in relation to the discovery , with eight tonnes of marijuana and almost 150 kilograms of cocaine seized .
according to the details provided , the tunnel had not yet been put into use .
&quot; these cartels are stupid if they think that they can dig through under the radar , &quot; said the us attorney for the district of southern california , laura diffy , at a press conference held in front of a warehouse in san diego , where the end of the tunnel was discovered .
referring to the drug gangs , duffy assured : &quot; if you continue to build and attempt to use these tunnels , we are determined to make this a big waste of your dirty money &quot; .
both the us authorities and the mexican security forces are engaged in an ongoing battle against the drug cartels .
since 2006 , more than 77,000 people have been killed in conjunction with drug crime in mexico .
built by experts
due to the elaborate configuration of the tunnel , investigators are working on the assumption that it was build by architects and engineers and that the construction took around one year .
the railway system was equipped in such a way that electrically powered carts could be used on it .
on the mexican side , the entrance is located in a building located 80 metres from the border .
according to the authorities , a ladder runs 20 metres underground to the actual entrance of the tunnel .
the tunnel has a cross-section measuring 1.20 metres high and 90 centimetres across .
it would thus be suitable to assist illegal immigration into the usa .
two of the suspects were detained in conjunction with the cocaine find .
the third , a mexican , was detained due to the seizure of the marijuana .
all three face a maximum penalty of life imprisonment , according to the authorities .
since 2006 , eight tunnels of this type have been discovered , the press conference in san diego continued .
however , this was the first time that cocaine was found in such a tunnel construction .
normally cocaine is smuggled in smaller quantities and not through tunnels .
this shows the &quot; desperation &quot; of the drug gangs , whose traditional routes have now been cut off , said bill sherman of the dea drug squad in san diego .
they will do anything to make it to the usa .
no specific details were given regarding those detained , but it is reported that at least one is mexican
they can expect prison terms of up to ten years .
2014 is to be a year of celebration in geisingen
the anniversary celebrations in the town of geisingen , to mark the 1,250th
anniversary of the first documented mention of the town , are drawing closer .
when the year comes to an end in just eight weeks , the anniversary year will be upon us .
geisingen and kirchen-hausen were first documented together in the year 794 .
a deed was drafted in kirchen , in which both towns are mentioned .
on 15 march , the anniversary year will be officially launched , and because geisingen currently has no suitable venues , this launch event will take place in the location where the two towns were first documented 1,250 years ago , in kirchen-hausen .
as part of the anniversary celebrations , a number of events are planned both in geisingen and kirchen-hausen .
kirchen-hausen will celebrate the 1,250th anniversary with a celebratory weekend from 18 to 20
july .
on the friday there will be a ceremony , and on the saturday and sunday a party will be held at the kirchtalhalle .
the kirchen-hausen kirchenfest festival will also be held on this celebratory weekend .
town musical director , rudolf barth , has composed a commissioned piece for the town on the occasion of the anniversary , which will be performed on three dates .
on 21 june , in conjunction with the schwarzwaldverein &#91; black forest association &#93; mid-summer festival , on 12 july in the arena , accompanied by fireworks , and on 13 december as the first concert put on by the stadtmusik ( town musical society ) in the new festival hall .
this venue will be completed and inaugurated in the anniversary year , with the official date set for the last weekend in september , on 27 and 28 september .
on the occasion of the geisingen town anniversary , a new chronicle will also be published .
&quot; however , it will not merely be a chronicle of geisingen itself , but rather a printed work on the geisingen of today , which now consists of geisingen , kirchen-hausen , leipferdingen , aulfingen and gutmadingen , &quot; said mayor walter hengstler .
and the geisingen of today is also celebrating a birthday in 2014 , as it was in 1974 that the incorporations to form the current region were completed .
the new chronicle is to be presented on 21 or 22 november in the new festival hall in geisingen .
however , 2014 is also a year of many anniversaries in other respects .
the narrenzunft strohglonki ( strohglonki fool &apos;s guild celebration ) begins on 8 february with an evening of traditional customs on the occasion of its 60-year anniversary / the harmonie gutmadingen music association will turn 90 years old and on 29 march will hold a celebratory banquet and then from 1 to 4 may will be celebrating the bezirksfest &#91; district music festival &#93; .
the leipferdingen nursing home will turn 40 years old , the geisingen school has now been at its new location for 50 years and will be celebrating this on 10 may , and the polyhymnia leipferdingen music association will turn 150 years old and will be celebrating this as part of the brunnenfest &#91; fountain festival &#93; from 4 to 7 july .
the town of geisingen was first officially documented in the year 764 , in a deed of donation , which is now in the possession of the st. gallen monastery .
the deed was drawn up in kirchen ( hausen ) , which at the time was the location of the courthouse .
both communities are thus mentioned in the same deed .
one reason for choosing 2014 to celebrate the 1,250-year anniversary in this way , is that it also coincides with the 40th anniversary of the community reform ( gemeindereform ) .
council sets its sights on rail system
should the &quot; am hirschen &quot; railway crossing be reconstructed at great cost , in order to increase traffic safety ?
the town councils have decided that the answer is yes .
schiltach will have to contribute up to eur 220,000 to the project .
the deutsche bahn hopes to improve the kinzigtal railway line in the coming year .
in particular , safety at railway crossings is to be increased - collisions between trains and other vehicles frequently occur at these across the country .
if the municipalities agree to the reconstruction measures , they will be required to contribute one third of the costs , with the remainder divided between deutsche bahn and the federal government .
schiltach &apos;s town master mason , roland grießhaber , explained the peculiarities of the &quot; am hirschen &quot; railway crossing to the town council .
at the crossing , the town is planning to increase the height of the mouth of the tunnel to the west of the railway line .
larger vehicles , for example those that transport long logs , would be able to wait there in the event of oncoming traffic , without having to block the railway line .
grießhaber therefore suggested that a required supporting wall be constructed in such a way that the town could in due course widen the adjoining street in order to guarantee the smooth flow of traffic .
this was the subject of controversial discussion in the town council , as some council members cast doubt over the need to widen the road : thomas kipp summarised the perspective of the critics with this statement : &quot; do we have to hand over so much money on account of so few vehicles ? &quot;
mayor thomas haas retorted : the &quot; hirschen &quot; railway crossing is used regularly for the transportation of long logs .
even wood from the &quot; kuhbach &quot; area is occasionally transported via this route , as the vehicles , which measure 20 metres in length , would not be able to use the route via the häberles bridge , as they would not be able to make the turn on the hauptstrasse .
furthermore , when the hauptstrasse is blocked , the route would also serve as a bypass for those vehicles that are not permitted to use the tunnel , argued haas .
given that it is likely that the kirchberg and schlossberg tunnel will have to be reconstructed and renovated , as is currently the case in wolfach , the &quot; am hirschen &quot; railway crossing may become of major traffic significance for a longer period of time .
the councillors agreed to have an investigation conducted as to what costs the planned widening of the road would incur .
nevertheless , the reconstruction of the railway crossing was consented to by a majority , on the provision that the required supporting wall be built in such a way that the town could , if required , extend the connecting road in the &quot; bahnhofstraße &quot; direction to around 5.5 metres to accommodate oncoming traffic .
the reconstruction of the railway crossing at the trautwein tannery could , on the other hand , bring with it an entirely different problem with regard to access to the steep &quot; geroltzhäuser weg &quot; .
the administrative department had deutsche bahn &apos;s reconstruction plans investigated by the breinlinger engineering office , as they had doubts as to whether the planned connection of the geroltzhäuser weg will be straightforward .
the investigation came to the conclusion that it could not be ruled out that the inclination of the road could result in longer vehicles becoming stuck .
the town , as the authority responsible for road construction , would then bear responsibility for this .
the reconstruction could therefore result in liability disputes .
because both the transportation of wood and turning are both possible as things are , the reconstruction of the railway crossing should not be consented to , argued haas .
at this point , the risk of a train collision with a vehicle positioned on the crossing is considerably lower than at other railway crossings , on account of the fact that there is a midpoint from which there is a good line of sight , directly alongside the stopping point .
the trains themselves , coming from the central station , must also be sufficiently slowed down so that there is no threat of collision .
according to the councillors , the reconstruction of this railway line was rejected by a majority , as the town of schiltach would &quot; bear the brunt of the cost &quot; for the problem of vehicles becoming stuck , since the deutsche bahn would be able to deny any responsibility following the completion of the construction work .
the committee considers the reconstruction of the &quot; vor heubach &quot; and &apos; vor kuhbach &quot; railway crossings , for which the crossing agreements have already been reached with deutsche bahn , to be unproblematic .
esa makes decision on major space missions : missions costing billions
distant planets , gravitational waves or black holes - experts from the european space agency must now agree on two major projects that are to be launched in the coming years .
there were 30 proposals to choose from , five of which are still in the running .
distant worlds .
astronomers have already found more than 1,000 planets near other stars .
whether or not life exists on at least some of these , no-one knows .
the choice is a difficult one : should we search for gravitational waves ?
or instead conduct research into the origin of the cosmos ?
or search for planets similar to the earth and thus perhaps discover extraterrestrial life ?
these are the questions currently being asked by those responsible at the european space agency , esa .
for their &quot; cosmic vision &quot; programme , they are looking for ideas for two major space projects , which should greatly advance research .
the budget for &quot; l-missions &quot; such as this lies at around one billion euro .
the projects are planned to start in 2028 and 2034 .
at the beginning of september , the elite in the field of european space research met in paris to discuss proposals for such missions .
30 ideas were up for debate , of which five have now made it onto the short list .
numerous panels are assessing the proposals , posing questions to the researchers .
over the coming days , a final decision is to be made by the scientific programme committee .
in total , four main questions were chosen by the esa , to which the missions of the &quot; cosmic vision &quot; programme , initiated in 2007 , are to find the answers .
what are the conditions required for the formation of planets and life ?
the precise processes for the formation of stars from large gas clouds - and thus the formation of the planets that orbit these stars - lie in proverbial darkness .
a large infra-red telescope in space could penetrate this darkness .
and if a star has planets , under what circumstances can life exist there ?
in order to pursue this question , the &quot; cheops &quot; space telescope is to be launched in 2017 , with which 500 known planetary systems in proximity to us will be investigated in greater detail .
the possibilities are , however , limited - cheops is a small mission with a budget of 150 million euro .
with larger instruments , astronomers could map planets similar to earth and even analyse the composition of their atmospheres , and thus search for &quot; biomarkers &quot; : gases that serve as an indicator for biological activity .
how does the solar system function ?
this question should also provide information regarding the preconditions for the origins of life .
the magnetic activity of a star , the interaction of its magnetic field and the emitted particle radiation play an important role .
it is possible to investigate these processes in our solar system , to serve as an example to be applied elsewhere .
with the &quot; solar orbiter &quot; , the esa has already approved an m-class mission ( for which the budget stands at around half a million euro ) to address this matter .
the probe is to be launched in 2017 and will closely observe the surface and activity of the sun .
jupiter and its moons are also of great interest to the researchers .
they want to find our what role the giant planet has played in the development of the solar system .
the esa is planning that the first of the total of three l-missions of the &quot; cosmic vision &quot; programme will address this subject .
the &quot; juice &quot; ( jupiter icy moons explorer ) probe is planned to begin its journey in 2022 .
eight years later it will reach jupiter and will investigate the atmosphere of the planet as well as the icy moons europa , callisto and ganymede .
what are the basic physical laws of the universe ?
outer space offers many possibilities for studying substances under extreme conditions and thus examining whether the laws of nature , as known to us , are still valid there .
there may also be deviations that could show physicians the path to a new theory , under the umbrella of which all known natural laws could be united .
how did the universe come about and what does it consist of ?
13.7 billion years ago , our cosmos was created by the big bang .
alongside the materials familiar to us , from which stars , planets and life forms such as ourselves are composed , there exists dark matter , the gravitational force of which holds galaxies and galaxy clusters together , and dark energy , the effects of which accelerate the expansion of the universe .
thus far , researchers know neither which physical laws applied in the initial moments after the big bang , nor what dark matter and dark energy consist of .
with &quot; euclid &quot; , the esa has already approved an m-mission , planned to commence in 2020 .
with a special telescope , the probe is to examine the distribution of material in the universe across the entire sky , thus enabling conclusions to be drawn regarding the properties of dark matter and dark energy .
proposals that are in the running ...
of the 30 proposals , only two will remain at the end of the selection procedure .
the proposal with the best chance of approval as an l-mission , in the opinion of many experts , is &quot; e-lisa &quot; , a demanding concept that aims to prove the existence of gravitational waves .
many physicians perceive this to entail changes in the structure of space-time , which albert einstein predicted almost 100 years ago .
to date they have never been proved to exist .
the scientists behind the project hope that elisa could achieve this .
the mission involves placing a detector , consisting of two or three probes , in outer space .
unlike systems on earth , it could also prove gravitational waves created during the big bang , and thus provide fresh knowledge regarding the origin of the cosmos .
four other proposals are still competing for the second l-mission place : a large x-ray telescope called &quot; athena &quot; , which among other things would research black holes , &quot; icy planets &quot; , another mission to the outer planets of the solar system , &quot; prism &quot; , a mission for the measurement of cosmic background radiation , and the &quot; exoplanet finder &quot; , which would find and investigate planets similar to earth .
among others , proposals that have already been ruled out include proposals for bringing samples back from mars , conducting research on the moon , venus and asteroids , as well as proposals in the area of solar physics .
snowden ready to &quot; cooperate &quot; with germany over us surveillance
edward snowden , the us intelligence whistleblower , has declared that he is willing to travel to berlin to give evidence to the german parliament if the us national security agency and its director keith alexander fail to provide answers about its activities .
german mp hans-christian ströbele on thursday met mr snowden in russia , where he has been granted asylum , to discuss him testifying in germany .
a letter from mr snowden , presented to the media in berlin on friday by the mp , said : &quot; though the outcome of my efforts has been demonstrably positive , my government continues to treat dissent as defection , and seeks to criminalise political speech with felony charges that provide no defence . &quot;
however , speaking the truth is not a crime .
in the letter , mr snowden said he believed the support of the international community could persuade the us government to abandon criminal charges against him .
the charges filed by the us justice department include espionage and theft of government property .
hans-peter friedrich , german interior minister , told zeit online : &quot; if mr snowden is ready to speak to german officials , we will find ways to make this possible . &quot;
relations between the us and germany have come under strain following claims that the nsa bugged chancellor angela &apos;s merkel &apos;s phone .
thomas oppermann , the mp who heads the parliamentary panel that oversees intelligence , said that if there were an opportunity to hear mr snowden as a witness &quot; without bringing him into danger and completely ruining relations with the us , &quot; it should be taken .
mr ströbele , an mp for germany &apos;s green party , published a picture of himself with mr snowden on his twitter feed .
he was accompanied on his visit to russia by two german journalists .
mr ströbele said that , according to the former nsa contractor &apos;s lawyer , mr snowden would not be able to return to russia if he left .
if mr snowden testified in germany he would need assurances that he would be &quot; safe &quot; there , the mp said .
mr snowden said in his letter that he had faced a &quot; severe and sustained &quot; campaign of persecution that forced him from his home .
however he said that he was heartened by the worldwide response to &quot; my act of political expression . &quot;
citizens around the world as well as high officials - including in the united states - have judged the revelation of an unaccountable system of pervasive surveillance to be a public service .
the letter extends an offer to cooperate with german authorities &quot; when the difficulties of this humanitarian situation have been resolved . &quot;
frontier airlines to charge for carry-on baggage
frontier airlines plans to charge up to $ 100 for passengers to store carry-on luggage on board their flight .
frontier airlines plans to start charging up to $ 100 for a carry-on bag and $ 2 for coffee or soda , although its announcement on wednesday did say that passengers will get to keep the whole can .
the new carry-on fee is for bags in the overhead bin , so small bags under the seat will still be free .
frontier said it will charge $ 25 if the fee is paid in advance , $ 100 if travelers wait to pay until they &apos;re at the gate .
frontier spokeswoman kate o &apos;malley said the $ 100 fee is to get travelers to take care of the charge in advance .
&quot; we don &apos;t want to charge that , &quot; she said .
airlines began charging for the first and second checked bags in 2008 .
passengers trying to avoid those fees have been stuffing as much as they can into carry-on baggage stashed in overhead bins , meaning those bins often run out of space .
fees are one way to get passengers to bring less on board .
o &apos;malley said the new charge is not really about raising money .
it &apos;s about frontier &apos;s most loyal customers making it very clear that finding overhead bin space has become increasingly difficult .
passengers who buy their tickets on the airline &apos;s website won &apos;t have to pay .
that means one passenger in line at a frontier gate might get to bring a bag on for free , while the next person in line might owe $ 100 for a similar bag .
o &apos;malley said frontier &apos;s website and check-in procedures are being changed to make sure passengers know about the fee before they get to the gate .
frontier &apos;s new carry-on fee won &apos;t start until summer , though a date hasn &apos;t been set .
passengers often grumble about baggage charges and other fees , but airlines love them .
they argue that luggage costs money to handle , and passengers who want the service should pay for it .
many on wall street view the addition of baggage fees as a sign that airlines are charging enough money to cover the cost of air travel after years of losses .
most haven &apos;t touched carry-on bag fees , though .
spirit airlines inc. started the first carry-on fee three years ago , and fellow discounter allegiant air later followed .
the only other airline with such a fee is hungary &apos;s wizz air , said airline consultant jay sorensen , who closely tracks add-on fees .
he estimated in a december 2011 report that spirit &apos;s carry-on fee brings in $ 50 million a year .
sorensen , a former executive with midwest airlines , flew spirit recently and wondered what he &apos;d find at the gate as passengers encountered spirit &apos;s unusual carry-on bag fee .
&quot; the boarding process was the smoothest i had seen in my airline career , &quot; he said .
i was expecting to see gnashing of teeth and a fight breaking out at the gate .
the plane was full , he said , &quot; and it boarded lickety-split . &quot;
frontier is also following spirit &apos;s $ 2 charge for coffee , tea , soda , or juice .
frontier said passengers who get soda or juice can keep the whole can , and it will give coffee refills for free .
it will still give away water .
us airways briefly tried charging for beverages in 2008 but backed down seven months later after passengers complained and no other major airline followed .
frontier &apos;s move to charge the carry-on fee if passengers don &apos;t buy direct from the airline is its latest effort to steer customers toward its own website .
airlines pay online travel sellers such as orbitz $ 10 to $ 25 for each ticket sold .
that has given all airlines an incentive to steer passengers to buy directly from them instead of going through an online travel agency .
frontier has gone the furthest in this area , though .
in september it began giving half as many frequent flier miles to customers who bought through an online travel agency .
on wednesday it slashed the mileage award to 25 percent of the miles of the trip .
so , a 1,000 mile frontier trip purchased from an online travel agency would earn 250 miles .
it also allows passengers to choose their seat in advance only if they buy directly from the frontier website .
frontier has a loyal base of customers in its home city of denver , but its business is shrinking and losing money .
revenue dropped 9 percent and its flying capacity shrank almost 13 percent in the first quarter , according to financial results released wednesday by corporate parent republic airways holdings inc .
republic has been trying to fix frontier &apos;s finances as part of selling the airline .
sayings come from the bible
at least 40 women attended the last women &apos;s breakfast of the year , in the evangelical parish of bisingen .
the theme of the day in the parish hall was &quot; sayings from the bible &quot; and &quot; expressions from the middle ages &quot; .
zita köhler , the chairperson of the parish council , agreed to give a talk on biblical proverbs after breakfast .
&quot; proverbs contain pearls of wisdom , commandments or warnings , &quot; she explained .
she compared several german sayings with the corresponding bible verses and explained the meaning .
she referred to sayings such as : &quot; holzauge sei wachsam &quot; ( keep your eyes peeled ) , &quot; wie schuppen von den augen fallen &quot; ( like scales falling from one &apos;s eyes ) , &quot; ein auge auf jemand werfen &quot; ( to cast an eye on someone ) , &quot; den seinen gibt &apos;s der herr im schlaf &quot; ( good things come to some when they sleep ) and &quot; seine hände in unschuld waschen &quot; ( to wash one &apos;s hands of something ) .
on several occasions , the speaker asked those listening to guess what proverb they were based on .
expressions from the middle ages were addressed by parish councillor christel dehner : &quot; aller guten dinge sind drei &quot; ( all good things come in threes ) , &quot; blau machen &quot; ( to skip school / work ) , &quot; etwas verhauen &quot; ( to wallop something ) .
she explained the meaning and origin of the expressions , which she referred to as &quot; bridges to the past &quot; .
to round off the morning there was a tombola .
the prizes were placed , covered , on a table and were humorously paraphrased prior to being presented to the winners .
mayoral candidate roman waizenegger was also to be found among the visitors to the joint breakfast .
learning rather than unemployment : tourism pilot project for the untrained
a pilot project for the tourist industry is being launched today in the mecklenburg lake district .
under the management of the federal employment agency , 49 men and women who are already working within the industry as untrained workers , will be trained as qualified hotel and restaurant staff over the course of three winters .
&quot; what &apos;s innovative about it is that the six-month courses end with diplomas , &quot; said carmen wiechert of the neubrandenburg employment agency .
there are many benefits : the participants will not be unemployed , the companies receive trained skilled workers , which are in continually increasing demand in hotels and restaurants , and the agency will not have to fund unemployment .
also involved in the project are the chamber of industry and commerce in neubrandenburg and the german hotel and restaurant association ( deutsche hotel- und gaststätte , dehoga ) of mecklenburg-western pomerania .
nsa blames &quot; internal error , &quot; not hackers , for website crash
the shadowy national security agency said late friday that it was a glitch that brought down its public website for a few hours , not hackers as some claimed online .
&quot; nsa.gov was not accessible for several hours tonight because of an internal error that occurred during a scheduled update , &quot; the spy agency said in an emailed statement .
the issue will be resolved this evening .
claims that the outage was caused by a distributed denial of service &#91; ddos &#93; attack are not true .
earlier this evening online server trackers noted the nsa &apos;s website had been down for at least six hours , and the site continues to be inaccessible for some users .
earlier an nsa spokesperson told abc news the agency &apos;s internal , sensitive network was &quot; not at all &quot; compromised .
no classified information is in danger , the spokesperson said .
at least one hacktivist group online claimed that they were responsible for bringing down the nsa site with a ddos attack .
ddos attacks are designed to flood a target website with traffic until the servers are overloaded and the site collapses .
the cyber tactic is a relatively unsophisticated one and the attacks are not meant to penetrate the internal network of the target system .
the formerly super secretive nsa , once nicknamed no such agency , has found itself in very public light , and amid vicious criticism , in past months following a stream of revelations about is vast foreign and domestic surveillance programs - collectively the product of secret nsa files stolen from the agency and leaked by disenchanted former nsa contractor edward snowden .
such growing controversy surrounding the agency prompted early speculation that tonight &apos;s incident was the result of a targeted cyber operation .
in october , the number of jobless fell slightly by 22 , to a total of 1,307 .
the rate of 3.1 per cent is indeed better than the previous year and is also better than in september , &quot; however , we had hoped for more , &quot; said monika felder-bauer , acting branch manager of the employment agency in sonthofen .
several companies have thus far reacted cautiously when it comes to hiring .
stating a reason for this , felder-bauer said : &quot; we have barely any skilled workers in the fields of skilled crafts and trades , healthcare and geriatric care . &quot;
seasonal job offers for staff in hotel and restaurant businesses have been coming in since september .
the winter season within the industry begins in mid-december .
the complete background report on this can be found in the &quot; allgäuer anzeigeblatt &quot; newspaper dated 31 / 10 / 2013 ( page 33 ) .
bombardier profit dips as plane deliveries , orders fall
canadian plane and train maker bombardier inc reported a 15 percent fall in net profit on thursday , pressured by fewer aircraft orders and deliveries in the third quarter and contract issues in its train unit .
montreal-based bombardier also did not release any flight test data for its brand-new cseries aircraft or offer an update on whether the plane will meet its ambitious schedule of going into commercial service by next september .
after the test plane &apos;s inaugural flight about a month and a half ago , it has only flown three more times , raising questions over whether the testing phase is on track .
results fell short of forecasts and sent shares sliding more than 8 percent on the toronto stock exchange .
cameron doerksen , an analyst with national bank financial , lowered his rating to &quot; sector perform &quot; from &quot; outperform &quot; on thursday with the view that the stock has limited upside over the next one or two quarters .
&quot; while the weaker aircraft deliveries were mostly anticipated , we are clearly disappointed by the margin performance in transportation , &quot; doerksen said in a client note .
we believe that bombardier will receive new orders for the cseries as the flight test program progresses .
however , if no new orders are announced in the coming months , we suspect that the market will become more skeptical of the program .
bombardier hopes the cseries aircraft family can catapult it into the low end of a market now dominated by boeing and airbus .
the first test plane was unveiled in march and took flight for the first time in september after months of delays .
but firm orders for the cseries are moderate so far at 177 as potential buyers wait for flight test results to validate the company &apos;s claims about the new jetliner &apos;s fuel efficiency and cost savings potential .
there are currently 403 total orders and commitments with 15 customers and operators .
chief executive officer pierre beaudoin was confident bombardier would meet its 300 firm order target by the time the first jet is put into commercial use .
executives also reassured analysts and media on thursday the program was progressing according to schedule .
&quot; the test plane didn &apos;t stay on the ground longer than anticipated , &quot; beaudoin said in a conference call , adding that ground tests and software updates were scheduled during the plane &apos;s downtime .
every manufacturer schedules it in a different way .
we had decided to do a first flight and to do an update period and that &apos;s what we have done .
that will happen all through the flight program .
the second of five test planes is expected to take flight in the coming weeks , with the remainder following shortly after , the company said .
still , analysts are skeptical the first customer can begin operating a cseries plane 12 months after its maiden flight .
bombardier said it was evaluating the entry-into-service ( eis ) schedule and will provide an update in the next few months .
&quot; this slow pace of flight testing - although in line with bombardier &apos;s internal schedule apparently - reinforces our view that entry-into-service will be pushed to q1 / 15 , &quot; said doerksen .
for the third quarter ended september 30 , bombardier &apos;s net profit fell to $ 147 million , or 8 cents per share , from $ 172 million , or 9 cents per share a year earlier .
adjusted earnings per share were unchanged at 9 cents .
revenue dipped marginally to $ 4.1 billion from $ 4.2 billion .
analysts had expected earnings of 10 cents per share and revenue of $ 4.56 billion , according to thomson reuters i / b / e / s.
the world &apos;s fourth-largest planemaker said it delivered 45 aircraft during the quarter , down from 57 a year earlier .
net orders fell to 26 aircraft , from 83 .
the backlog in the aerospace division was $ 32.9 billion as of september 30 , unchanged from december 31 .
&quot; in aerospace , results were in line with our guidance , but the low order intake and overall market conditions were a disappointment , &quot; beaudoin said .
aerospace revenue fell 13 percent to $ 2 billion .
bombardier , the world &apos;s largest trainmaker , said revenue in that division rose nearly 11 percent to $ 2.1 billion .
the order backlog in the transportation unit was $ 32.6 billion as of september 30 , up marginally from december 31 .
the transportation division &apos;s margins were affected by execution issues in a few large contracts .
executives said new guidance would be provided in the fourth quarter .
shares of bombardier , which also announced that google inc chief financial officer patrick pichette would join the board , were down 8.5 percent at c $ 4.83 in mid afternoon trading on thursday .
brazil &apos;s embraer sa , the world &apos;s third-largest commercial planemaker and bombardier &apos;s closest rival , reported a 10 percent fall in quarterly profit on thursday .
usa : shots fired at los angeles airport
on friday morning ( local time ) an unknown suspect fired shots at the lax airport .
while the airport management announced via short messaging service twitter that the shooter is in custody , the &quot; los angeles times &quot; reported that the man is dead .
a member of security staff was also killed .
the media also reported that several people injured .
us president barack obama is being kept informed of the situation , said white house spokesperson jay carney .
the incident took place in terminal 3 . eye witnesses reported seeing a shooter with a gun in one of the departure lounges , as was reported by several media .
one traveller told the broadcaster cnn about how many people had sought protection in panic .
travellers screamed and children cried .
panic broke out among those waiting , with many hiding behind seats in fear .
an employee of the &quot; los angeles times &quot; who was travelling at the time told of how he had heard two shots fired .
an employee of security company tsa suffered a gunshot wound to the foot .
the scene was &quot; like something out of a movie &quot; .
the man reported that he was then himself taken to a safety area .
the shots were said to have been fired near a security inspection area .
airport building evacuated
television footage revealed how numerous ambulances and police cars arrived at a terminal .
one hundred people were brought out of the building to safety .
users on twitter published photos of a swat officer and a weapon lying on the ground .
according to a message shared by the airport management via twitter , the incident began at 9.30 am ( local time ) .
the access roads were blocked off , which , according to cnn , caused long tailbacks .
except for the landing of arrival aircraft , flight traffic was temporarily suspended , it was reported .
however , several planes could be seen taking off on cnn .
terminal 3 serves mainly small us airlines .
the los angeles lax airport is one of the largest airports in the usa .
cocaine-addict lawyer who tipped off mr big about police investigation is jailed
basharat ditta , 42 , would feed information to crime lord neil scarbrough
the solicitor feared his secret drug addiction would be exposed
was given a three-year prison sentence at liverpool crown court
a top defence lawyer who told a drugs mr big about a major police investigation , because he feared his secret drug addiction would be exposed , has been jailed for three years .
basharat ditta , 42 , would feed sensitive intelligence to crime lord neil scarbrough about inquiries into his drug trafficking activities after he became compromised by his cocaine habit .
the solicitor , who was nicknamed &quot; bash &quot; and hailed by criminals as a &quot; top brief , &quot; was arrested at his home in 2011 following a police surveillance operation into scarborough , who he had represented in a previous narcotics trial .
officers spotted sarborough , 32 , dropping off three bags of cocaine at the lawyer &apos;s home in blackburn , lancashire , while he was out at a law society dinner with colleagues .
inquiries revealed ditta was a &quot; regular user &quot; of the class a drug after tests found traces of cocaine in his hair , on his wallet and on his credit cards .
over an eight month period between january and august 2011 he sought to illicitly obtain information on the arrests of two men on behalf of scarborough as well as one of his associates .
all four suspects were being watched by police at the time as part of a major investigation into a heroin and cocaine racket operating across lancashire , cumbria , merseyside , berkshire and west yorkshire .
they and 32 other men were later jailed after police seized heroin and cocaine worth £ 1.5million along with more than £ 200,000 in cash during a series of raids .
ditta , 42 , fed information to criminals because of fears his cocaine addiction would be exposed
today at liverpool crown court ditta , who works at law firm forbes solicitors , based in blackburn , was facing disgrace after being found guilty of two counts of perverting the course of justice following a three week trial at liverpool crown court .
he admitted cocaine possession at an earlier hearing .
the lawyer &apos;s downfall came after police investigating scarborough discovered he had been in regular phone contact with ditta in february 2011 .
two detectives trailed the suspect and spotted him arriving at ditta &apos;s house in and was seen to place the drugs which had a purity of 60 per cent under the lawyer &apos;s bins in a black golf glove .
soon after the drop off , scarborough was in regular phone contact with ditta who had been out at the dinner at the blackburn rovers football stadium , ewood park .
the lawyer returned home to discover the drugs and there were nine communications between them .
the court heard ditta was a &quot; regular user &quot; of cocaine after tests found traces of the class a drug in his hair , wallet and on his credit cards
ditta was arrested later but denied using cocaine and and said he had been speaking to the suspected dealer because he was his client and argued their discussions were subject to &quot; legal privilege . &quot;
during his arrest ditta picked up his wallet and tried to remove several credit cards but they were all seized and a hair sample was taken fom him .
in a police interview he said he ran an office at his home address as well as work place and clients would call at his house on legal business .
but the court heard he would call major players in the drugs supply chain , some of whom he had previously represented , after key arrests to tell them what detectives knew about them .
prosecuting , anne whyte said : &quot; if anyone should know not to the break the law , it is a criminal solicitor . &quot;
mr ditta is accused of abusing his position as a criminal solicitor , having become too involved with specific clients .
the relationship we are talking about is not simply a drug dealer , but a drug dealer providing his own lawyer with drugs .
some of his communications will undoubtedly have been legitimate ones because he was their lawyer .
but this went way beyond the ordinary confines of a lawyer-client relationship .
he thwarted the police &apos;s investigation as much as possible to enable them to continue in their criminal activities .
mr ditta was not honouring his profession , but dishonouring it .
he got too close to certain clients , in particular scarborough , and he allowed his independence to be compromised .
ditta denied wrongdoing and claimed : &quot; if i was a corrupt lawyer , which i am not , and i wanted to feed information to mr scarborough , i would not wait 15 hours , i would do it immediately . &quot;
but after the hearing supt lee halstead from lancashire police said : &quot; mr ditta turned from criminal solicitor to a criminal himself the moment he started obtaining drugs from organised criminals . &quot;
his addiction to cocaine left him hopelessly compromised and vulnerable to the motives of leading members of organised crime groups who tasked him to obtain valuable information regarding police investigations .
solicitors should uphold the highest standards of integrity and should instil trust and confidence in the public .
mr ditta has betrayed this trust and attempted to hide behind the veneer of his profession .
lancashire &apos;s serious and organised crime unit led the investigation into mr ditta which has also seen him convicted of three counts of possession of cocaine and now perverting the course of justice , demonstrating our commitment to bringing criminals to justice .
let this case serve as a warning to criminals that no one is beyond the reach of the law .
we will find you and put you before the courts .
scarborough himself was jailed for 14 years after pleading guilty to conspiracy to supply heroin , cocaine and cannabis .
thirty five other men involved in the racket were jailed for a total of 153 years for drugs offences .
on his website ditta gave a question and answer session about himself in which he says his fantasy job would be a lawyer representing clients on death row in america , his ultimate dinner guest as being mohammed ali and inequality as his motivation for work .
revolutionary sacred music factory
to close the celebrations on the occasion of its 160th anniversary , the liederkranz dunningen ( dunningen amateur choir , or glee club , if you like ) will perform franz schubert &apos;s &quot; deutsche messe &quot; ( german mass ) to accompany two church services .
following the great success of the musical , &quot; rock my life &quot; , which enthused audiences this past spring , the liederkranz will bless two church services with the performance of franz schubert &apos;s deutsche messe , to close its anniversary year celebrations .
on saturday 26 october , this exceptional mass will be heard from 7.00 p.m. during the evening mass in the st. marinuskirche dunningen and on sunday 27 october , from 10.15 , at the service in the st. johannes baptistkirche in lackendorf .
the so-called &apos; german mass &apos; , with the original title &quot; gesänge zur feier des heiliges opfers der messe &quot; ( songs to celebrate the holy sacrifice of the mass ) , d 872 , is a spiritual work by composer franz schubert , dating from 1826 , at at the time it was written was considered almost revolutionary .
patron johan philipp neumann has in mind for the mass to be performed as part of the church services .
under the directorship of hermann schneider , the choir will be accompanied by the wind ensemble of the frohsinn tennenbronn music society , and by noemi lokodi on the organ .
haslach : scepticism visibly gives way to confidence
the 2015 parish council elections will bring about fundamental change , for example in the haslach pastoral care unit ( seelsorgeeinheit haslach , se ) .
there will then only be one joint parish council for all six parishes .
in a joint meeting on saturday , the committees from haslach , hofstetten , mühlenbach , fischerbach , steinach and welschensteinach prepared for the changes .
this is because there are no further changes to be made to the fundamental decisions of the diocese and it is up to the parish councils to implement these in as satisfactory a manner possible .
during the course of the day one thing became particularly clear : the scepticism towards the new system is reluctantly yet visibly giving way to confidence .
the extremely constructive discussions between the six committees and the full-time members of the pastoral care team addressed topics ranging from perceptions and expectations regarding the 2015 reforms , to concrete proposals regarding the future composition and size of the parish council .
regional dean georg schmitt explained the newly drawn-up guidelines for pastoral care units in the arch-diocese of freiburg with the help of a presentation .
according to the guidelines , the se haslach , as a church community , will be a corporation under public law , which shall assume the rights and obligations of the six individual church communities .
there will then only be one joint parish council and a foundation council , in which the rector will be represented by virtue of his office .
from each parish , at least two elected members are to be represented , with so-called church community teams set up on-site in the six parishes .
in future their task will be to promote church life on a local basis .
regarding the issue of the finances of the individual parishes , the need for extensive discussion became evident .
the reforms plan for the accumulated assets in the parishes to be retained for a specified purpose .
accounts payable , on the other hand , will be passed over to the &quot; church community &quot; as a whole .
in particular , planned major investments , the debts from which thus affect all parishes , were cause for great concern .
&quot; in the past , investments were only made in projects that could be managed by the individual parishes by themselves , &quot; said haslach &apos;s parish council chairman bruno prinzbach .
barbar ritter , chair of the committee in the schutterwald-neuried pastoral care unit , has practical experience of a joint committee for five parishes .
in 2006 she set herself the task , &quot; become one , remain five &quot; and came to realise that the task is really not that simple .
the committees of the haslach pastoral care unit set out to answer questions regarding the future composition and size of the joint parish council , and the practical work of the church community teams .
the specific details will be confirmed in subsequent meetings and decided in an additional joint meeting of all six committees in the coming spring .
at the end , parish counsellor michael schöner from steinach presented the new logo of the pastoral care unit , which was agreed on by a clear majority .
electricity to become more expensive in pfullendorf
the citizens of pfullendorf will have to adjust to high electricity costs .
as managing director of the municipal energy company , jörg-arne bias , confirmed to the südkurier , families of four in pfullendorf will be on the receiving end of a price increase of eur 70 to 90 per year .
one major reason for the upcoming price increase is the rise of the so-called eec levy from 5.277 to 6.3 cents per kilowatt hour .
this levy will be reset by the four operators of the large power grids , in october of each year .
they estimate the additional costs they will incur as a result of the &quot; energy turnaround &quot; , which they will be able to recover by means of a levy on the price of electricity .
the pfullendorf municipal energy company forms the last link in this chain .
in its projections , the supervisory council of the energy company even assumed a levy higher than that reported by jörg-arne bias .
the specific figures must now be calculated before the municipal energy cmpany can inform its customers of the precise price increase next week .
&quot; we are working on the assumption of an increase of 1 cent plus x , &quot; said bias , with the figure likely to be closer to 2 cents .
traffic lights permanently red : observe waiting time
sometimes a traffic light simply never turns green .
the contact loop on the road does not react , or the light itself is defective .
what should you do - drive through on red ?
if an affected person has waited for a sufficiently long period of time at a red light , and provided the crossing is clear , they can drive on , explained stuttgart-based lawyer ralf becker in &quot; motorrad &quot; ( motorcycle ) magazine .
the waiting time must , however , be &quot; appropriate &quot; , which can be interpreted differently on a case-to-case basis .
becker advises that you wait at least five minutes before a fault with the traffic lights can be assumed .
anyone who drives on in spite of a red light must , however , be aware that he / she will be fully liable for any resulting accident .
anyone who waits for less than five minutes has , under certain circumstances , not waited long enough , warned becker , referring to a ruling of the hamm higher regional court .
in the case in question , a driver ignored a light that was permanently red after around three minutes and and was held responsible for negligently jumping a red light .
the traffic lights were actually not defective , but rather turned green just a few minutes later .
he was spared a driving ban on account of the special circumstances - but was not spared a fine .
town council delighted with solid budget
every time discussion in town council meetings turns to the budget , mayor ralph gerster has good reason to smile .
the municipality coffers in herdwangen-schönach are well stocked and the administration has been debt-free since 2005 .
in this sense , this the 2012 budgetary year , can also be recorded as a complete success .
this became clear upon presentation of the annual accounts for 2012 .
as andrea rothmund explained , the administrative budget came in at more than eur one million higher than originally planned , at around 7.6 million euro .
the administrative budget surplus , at around eur 1.8 million , also stood at around eur one million above projections .
the surplus is primarily due to higher trade tax income and the local authorities &apos; contribution towards income tax .
the capital budget also stood well above the projected values .
instead of the projected eur 1.5 million euro , the value for last year was eur 2.5 million .
&quot; this is mainly due to the higher contribution from the administrative budget , &quot; said rothmund .
because fewer investments were made in the 2012 budgetary year than planned , the reserves also came in higher .
in total , they managed to increase the general contingency reserves by around eur 2.1 million , to a total of eur 4.9 million .
mayor ralph gerster thanked rothmund and its team for the good work .
&quot; a job like this is not something you achieve overnight , &quot; said gerster in praise of the annual financial statement .
he and the town councillors are clearly delighted with the good figures .
it may sound like a paradox , but it is precisely these good figures that could soon work out expensive for the citizens .
in the past , a good financial situation meant that the local authorities could do away with high municipal rates .
however , according to gerster , from time to time this has resulted in subsidies being reduced by the state .
there are prerequisites that must be fulfilled in order to receive these subsidies from various compensation elements .
among other requirements , the towns and municipalities applying for the subsidies must levy certain municipal rates .
&quot; we have to address the subject of municipal rates , as there are investments to be made in the coming years for which we could do with subsidies , &quot; commented gerster regarding this matter .
nagold : hugo wermter - a choir member for 60 years
having been a singer for 60 years , hubert wermter &apos;s story with the cäcilia male choral society is almost twice as long as that of the autumn festival , during which he was ceremonially honoured .
as per usual , hubert wermter stood on the stage in the colours of his male voice choir .
even after 60 years he still finds great pleasure from singing with the choir , which has achieved much more than popularity during this period .
wermter has also been active within the association , serving as a member of the committee for 28 years , among other roles .
for his commitment and loyalty to the organisation , he has also received several awards : jörg kohr , lay pastor acting on behalf of the cäcilian association of rottenburg-stuttgart , presented him with an association certificate and a letter of commendation signed by bishop gebhard fürst - the choir also serves as a church choir .
his choir colleagues presented him with a german choral association certificate and an engraved pewter plate .
aside from honouring hugo , the 31st autumn festival progressed as usual : alongside the betra male voice choir , the salzstetten choral club , the baisingen choral division and the local music society , the vollmaringen singers delivered a colourful blend of different choral and song styles , which entertained the 400 or so visitors .
the vollmaringen male voice choir got things running with atmospheric songs such as &quot; im weinparadies &quot; and &quot; lustig , ihr brüder &quot; .
they had also prepared a short serenade as a tribute to their honorary singer hubert wermter - wolfgang amadeus mozart &apos;s &quot; bundeslied &quot; .
the betra male voice choir also sang classic choral pieces such as &quot; jägerwerben &quot; by julius wengert , &quot; weit , weit weg &quot; by hubert goisern and the folk song &quot; wann du durchgehst durchs tal &quot; .
with its mixed choir and its ladies &apos; ensemble - the &quot; impulschor &quot; ( impulse choir ) , the salzstetten choral club ensured that the female quota was fulfilled at the festival .
the mixed choir carried listeners away to foreign lands with the neapolitan folksongs &quot; santa lucia &quot; and &quot; eviva espana &quot; by antos gus , while the &quot; impulschor &quot; also drew on foreign languages : &quot; liberatio &quot; and &quot; hey jude &quot; were included on their programme .
the choral division of the baisingen sports club returned to its home ground with &quot; was isch der schwob ? &quot; by hans süssmuth and robert pappert &apos;s &quot; bierlied &quot; , while the vollmaringen music society provided the crowning musical conclusion .
for children , there was a small auxiliary programme - &quot; oma hanne &quot; ( grandma hanne ) , a.k.a hannelore stollsteimer , performed a &apos; kasperl &apos; theater ( similar to punch and judy ) and read some stories , which kept the children entertained throughout the afternoon .
children &apos;s dreams come true
over the next few days , the nursery schools and day care centres in zollernalb district will be receiving mail .
the schwarzwälder bote ( black forest herald ) , in collaboration with bauhaus and the sparkasse zollernalb savings bank , would like to support the institutions in granting their construction and renovation wishes .
does the nursery school need a new sand box ?
all nurseries , day care centres and créches from across the entire zollernalb district can become involved in the campaign .
if they have a construction or renovation request for their institution , they can register this with the schwarzwälder bote .
get creative with your children and surprise the judging panel of the kindergarten-baustelle ( nursery school-construction site ) campaign .
a panel consisting of representatives from the schwarzwälder bote , bauhaus and sparkasse zollernalb will select three wishes from those submitted .
what are the requirements for participation ?
it must be possible to fulfil the wish using construction materials to a maximum value of eur 2,000 and on one ( campaign ) day .
furthermore , the winner must provide a number of hard-working building helpers .
what is the deal with the campaign day and the helpers ?
with the support of the sparkasse zollernalb , bauhaus will be providing the materials .
they will be delivered to the nursery schools on an agreed day and should there be assembled / made use of directly by the helpers .
helpers can include parents , grandparents , friends , organisations and , of course , the teachers and children themselves .
kenyan press outraged at controversial media law
&quot; it is a frightening place , and it is valid to ask : what is there to prevent parliament from simply sweeping away the independence of the judiciary tomorrow ? &quot; the paper said , challenging the bill as unconstitutional .
&quot; this law is draconian and very punitive and we reject it , &quot; said cyrus kamau , managing director for capital group - home to capitalfm , one of kenya &apos;s most respected independent radio stations and news websites .
he said the new media tribunal &quot; will always be biased because it &apos;s an extension of the government , &quot; and that restrictions on content and advertising would damage kenya &apos;s place in the global economy .
&quot; i hope the president will listen to us , and we appeal to him to reject this bill and return it to the mps , &quot; he said .
according to the star newspaper , the new bill will effectively hand the government &quot; a stranglehold over the media , &quot; while the standard said democracy and free speech in kenya had been &quot; dealt a major blow &quot; and lambasted the bill as &quot; draconian . &quot;
the passing of the bill comes amid a string of measures to reinforce national security in the wake of the september &apos;s attack by islamist gunmen on the westgate shopping mall .
kenya media drew the ire of authorities by broadcasting security camera footage of troops who were dispatched to the scene of the attack purportedly robbing the upmarket mall .
police chief david kimaiyo reacted by summoning two journalists and a media executive for questioning , although the summons was retracted following a media outcry .
under the new bill , media houses can be fined up to 20 million kenyan shillings and individual journalists up to one million with the additional risk of being &quot; de-listed , &quot; or barred from receiving official press accreditation .
the tribunal also has the power to seize the property of an offender if a fine is not paid .
according to the daily nation , &quot; even one fine is enough to cripple most fm stations . &quot;
it also said the measures could have a devastating effect on what it described as kenya &apos;s &quot; lively blogosphere . &quot;
by silencing the media , politicians know they can do whatever they like with impunity .
&quot; no one will ever know , &quot; wrote nation journalist mutuma mathiu , describing the kenyan media as a key source of checks and balances in public life .
&quot; left to themselves , politicians would bankrupt the country and take us back to hunting and gathering , &quot; he wrote .
kenyan lawmakers have been the target of public anger in the past .
in may they voted to overturn cuts ordered by the national salaries commission and reinstate their hefty salaries of around 532,000 shillings a month tax-free - ranked among the highest in the world .
bad-dürrheim : a dream comes true for the fc
the official inaugural ceremony for the astro-turf sports field did not wane in significance for the town and the football club , in spite of the cold weather and rain .
everyone had hoped for more pleasant conditions for the ceremony last saturday , however the weather gods chose not to cooperate .
so anyone who came without an umbrella , or for whatever reason could not hold onto one , drew the short straw .
this was the case for the musicians who accompanied the ceremony , as well as for a number of speakers .
thus , fc chairman albrecht schlenker , who spoke of the fulfilment of a dream , also got fairly wet .
his thanks went first and foremost to mayor walter klumpp , who was heavily involved in the realisation of the project , the town council , the companies involved and club members who played a part .
particular mention went out to lothar held , paul weizenegger , heiner gail and peter graf .
the spry pensioners laid 400 square metres of flagging for the new paths .
this remarkable voluntary commitment was also honoured by member of the state parliament , karl rombach .
further words of greeting were issued to the town sports commissioner , hubert baier , the district chairperson of the southern baden football association , kuno kayan , and friedrich knorr from the planning office , who announced a donation to the club &apos;s youth division .
mayor klumpp recalled that weather-related influences in the spring and autumn had repeatedly afflicted the original sports field , to such an extent that it could not be played on .
it was way back 15 years ago that solutions to the problem were first considered , when the construction of a third pitch on the football club site or at the secondary school on salinensee lake were considered .
both ideas were rejected .
six years ago , thoughts turned to laying an astro-turf pitch , which was generally viewed as the perfect solution .
specific plans were drawn up two years ago , when the fc inherited the schabelstube in leasehold , promised a contribution of eur 100,000 for the construction of the pitch and the state approved a subsidy of eur 104,000 .
in october 2012 , the town council decided to cover the remaining eur 356,000 of the total cost of eur 560,000 , summarised klumpp .
work began on the 68 x 108 metre astro-turf pitch on 4 june .
during the construction phase , which lasted over three months , 3,000 cubic metres of earth were removed , of which half was used for the laying of a dirt bike track .
union and spd have continued their coalition negotiations , addressing the topics of internal affairs and justice .
to this end , the competent working group met this morning .
among other issues , topics discussed included direct democracy , the bribery of mps and the federal police .
during the morning , the migration and integration working group also sought to continue its discussions .
among the issues to be addressed was that of dual nationality , in which regard both sides have opposing ideas .
the spd would like to put an end to the pressure placed on immigrant children to decide on one nationality - the union rejects the notion of a dual passport .
regarding the subject of traffic , which was not on the agenda for this friday , the spd substantiated its opposition to a car toll charge promoted by the csu .
a toll road sticker would amount to a &quot; flat rate fee for frequent drivers and would thus be environmentally counterproductive , &quot; explained the spd negotiator for issues relating to traffic , florian pronold , in a letter to his parliamentary group .
there would be a threat of diverted traffic on country roads , which are already accident hotspots .
the introduction of a toll for cars would also only be a first step , in pronold &apos;s eyes .
&quot; there is the risk that the compensation for germans would be abolished at a later point in time , &quot; he said .
dieter thomas kuhn in stuttgart : the &quot; singing mountain wave &quot; on the open-air stage
stuttgart - &quot; when will it be summer again ? &quot; was actually not the question on people &apos;s lips at the killesberg open-air theatre on friday evening .
it genuinely was a tropical evening in stuttgart .
this therefore provided the ideal conditions for pop star , dieter thomas kuhn , and his band .
click through the image gallery of the performance by the &quot; singing mountain wave &quot; .
car driver seriously injured in accident
a 37-year-old car driver from aachen was seriously injured in an accident on thursday evening .
according to information from the police , a 41-year-old from müsch was travelling in his car on the kempener bypass in the direction of grefrath , at around 9.15 p.m ..
as he went to turn right onto st. töniser straße he failed to see the 37-year-old &apos;s oncoming vehicle .
the vehicles collided .
the aachen resident suffered serious injuries and had to be taken to the hospital for treatment .
konstanz : road block following accident on the schänzle roundabout
according to police , the accident occurred when a 51-year-old driver of a swiss seat ibiza was travelling out of town in the left lane of the two-lane reichenaustrasse .
shortly before the schänzle roundabout he noticed that was in the left-turn lane going in the direction of stromeyersdorfstraße and moved across to the right lane .
in so doing , he collided with the bmw of a 23-year-old konstanz resident , travelling in that lane .
the vw passat of a 19-year-old driver travelling behind the bmw was also damaged .
in total , eur 15,000 of material damage was caused , announced the police .
the road had to be blocked off while the accident was being investigated , the statement continued .
vienna airport abolishes passenger call-outs
mr. max maier , please make your way to gate 24 .
in future , announcements such as this will no longer happen at vienna international airport .
the majority of loudspeaker announcements will cease - thus considerably reducing the noise level .
the goal of this adjustment is to create a more relaxing atmosphere .
as airport spokesperson peter kleeman announced to radio vienna that in adjusting the approach towards announcements , vienna airport is following an international trend .
among others , the airports in kopenhagen , frankfurt and dubai have already done away with the noisy call-outs .
by doing away with these announcements - on average around 200 personal call-outs come through the loudspeakers per day - the atmosphere in the airport should be calmer in future .
&quot; experience has also shown that these individual announcements are relatively seldom taken notice of , and at the same time , all other information regarding changes to departure gates or flight times are somewhat lost among them , &quot; said kleeman while chatting to the radio broadcaster .
highland games in kaltenhof
alongside brake van pulling with tractors , there will also be a second contest at the agricultural autumn festival at kaltenhof from 6 to 8 september .
on saturday 7 september , the highland games will start at 1 : 30 p.m.
while they are of course a scottish tradition , they have been given a touch of swabian colour at the kaltenhof event grounds .
teams and individual competitors will be pitted against one another in the disciplines of tossing the caber , horseshoe tossing and bucket carrying .
the caber is four and a half metres long and weighs 25 to 30 kilometres .
&quot; it isn &apos;t about the distance , &quot; explains organiser peter saile .
the log must be thrown vertically , somersault once and then finish lying straight .
this scores maximum points .
in tossing the horseshoe , it all comes down to accuracy .
horseshoes are thrown onto a peg from a distance of eight metres .
participants must then prove their skill and strength by carrying a bucket of water 50 metres .
time is recorded and water quantity measured in a vat at the end .
two members of each &quot; clan &quot; or team can then take part in the individual competition .
the winners of the team and individual contests receive prizes .
teams can practice from 10 : 00 a.m.
suitable clothing is desirable - for example competitors can wear kilts .
however , swabian traditional clothing is also permitted .
the judging panel will also award a few bonus points for &quot; outfits &quot; .
registration is open until a few hours prior to the beginning of the competition .
with the scottish-swabian highland games and the tractor pulling contest , which will begin half an hour beforehand , there promises to be a great deal of action at the event grounds on saturday .
in the evening , fans of brass band music will be in for a treat of their own .
at 19 : 00 , the &quot; biraböhmische &quot; ( a play on words alluding to the regions pear trees , bohemia , and perhaps their love of beer as well ! ) wind music group from schömberg , provide a great evening of entertainment .
the band plays lively polkas and marches .
however , their repertoire also includes emotive waltzes and a full big band sound .
heinz koch from weilen unter den rinnen will also be there , better known as the &apos; singing inn keeper and black sausage baron &quot; .
in the past , he has appeared at the christmas market in dornhan and the narrenzunft ( fool &apos;s guild event ) .
on sunday , the leinstetten music society will entertain audiences with a morning session , with the böffingen farmer &apos;s band as guests from 2 : 00 p.m. , and then the &quot; oldies &quot; will bring the celebrations to a close .
the celebrations will get under way on friday , with the &quot; stoppelacker &quot; ( stubble field ) party featuring dj ralf .
other items in the itinerary on saturday and sunday include the vintage car and tractor meet and exhibitions by companies on the topic of agriculture and forestry .
further attractions on sunday are the corn maze , the craft market and sheep shearing .
specially for children , there is a petting zoo , &quot; straw bouncy castle &quot; , tractor driving ( under supervision ) and tractor surfing .
the event is organised by the community hall association , the ski club and the &quot; zündkapsele &quot; ( blasting caps ) tractor enthusiasts .
an overview of milk and egg alternatives
vegan nutrition promotes vegetable alternatives to eggs , milk and dairy products .
mashed tofu with plant cream , for example , serves as a substitute for quark cheese .
the vegetarian association will provide further examples on world vegan day on 1 november .
on the occasion of world vegan day on 1 november , the vegetarian association of germany will propose a host of vegan alternatives :
pure plant margarine is a good alternative to butter , while yoghurt can be replaced by soya yoghurt .
soya , oat , almond or rice milk can be used in place of milk .
plant whipping cream can replace traditional whipping cream .
there are also plant alternatives to eggs .
half a mashed , ripe banana , for example , can replace an egg as a binding agent in a cake .
50 grams of apple sauce or a tablespoon of ground linseed plus three tablespoons of water are also suitable .
a dough becomes fluffy by replacing egg with a mixture of one tablespoon of baking powder , one tablespoon of cornflour and three tablespoons of mineral water , for example .
50 grams of soya yoghurt or silken tofu can also fulfil this purpose .
according to information from the vegetarian association , around 800,000 germans currently have a vegan diet , i.e. a 100 % vegetable diet .
sleepless in new york
on the way to their host families in weymouth , massachusetts , the pupils of the schwarzwald grammar school got to know the american city of new york .
after an eight-hour flight , they headed straight for brooklyn bridge , via which the heart of the city , manhattan , can be reached on foot .
from here there is a fascinating view of the world-famous skyline , which is particularly impressive in the evening light .
due to the time difference , the pupils had been on the go for almost 24 hours , however , true to the slogan , &quot; the city never sleeps &quot; , the day was rounded off with a trip to times square .
in spite of a shutdown , they were able to visit the statue of liberty on the second day , and climb the statue on foot .
they then moved on to the financial district , via wall street , to visit the 9 / 11 memorial .
on the third day , the pupils were able to take in an overview of the fascinating city from the viewing platform of the empire state building , enjoying the views from a height of 373 metres .
they then made their way through the hustle and bustle of the new york streets , via the rockerfeller center , to central park , which provided the perfect opportunity to rest a while in the autumn sun .
following a short flight from new york to boston , the pupils have now arrived with their host families and are experiencing the school day at weymouth high school .
once again this year , on saint hubert &apos;s day , a hubert mass will be celebrated in the parish of st. marien on hülsbergstrasse .
st. hubert was , according to legend , a truly ruthless hunter , who converted following a vision and was later appointed bishop of lüttich .
hunting horn group &quot; jagdreiter westfalen &quot; , under the directorship of brigitte kluth , played old , traditional french melodies on parforce horns ( natural horns in the key of e flat ) .
the wind players wear riding clothes , as they provide musical accompaniment mainly for riders , horses and packs of hounds on drag hunts .
the solemn mass is to take place on sunday 3 november at 11.30 a.m.
the newly designed opschlag stands out with a new café .
one that invites you to linger a while and to come again .
one that wants to get its name out there .
according to dictionaries , déjà vu is defined as a psychological phenomenon , which expresses itself in the feeling of having already experienced or seen a new situation .
in the case of a visit to the café of the same name at the opschlag in kleve county , with a view of the rhein-waal university , it doesn &apos;t always have to remain a pure déjà vu feeling .
ultimately , this is precisely the aim of the café with the wonderful name : to make an actual visit and something that can be repeated on a recurring basis , not just theoretically , but tangibly .
because it is fun and simply beautiful .
a glance into the internal workings at opschlag 8 gives the onlooker a positive feeling right from the outset .
with its ultra-modern yet cosy café ambience , it looks like a place designed to make you feel good .
the team here , with business founders , mirjam van der stelt and daniel büttner at the helm , spoils guests with a wide range of coffees and cocktails .
in addition to this , there are delicious cakes or freshly baked baguettes , filled to order .
the owners , both 33 years old , have already made a name for themselves as restaurateurs prior to opening the chic café on the opschlag : they previously managed the &quot; art lounge &quot; in kranenburg .
by moving to kleve on the opschlag , the friendly café lovers hope to reach a wider audience .
not least through university customers .
&quot; we don &apos;t have a specific target group , &quot; emphasises daniel büttner .
in actual fact , here the pair hope to appeal as much to young students as they do to senior citizens and all age brackets .
speaking of café lovers ...
the two friendly owners are motivated by their love of coffee .
they themselves enjoy the fragrant , hot brew in a variet of formats .
espresso fan
daniel büttner is more of an espresso fan , while mirjam van der stelt is the cappuccino drinker .
&quot; and a baguette with it - that &apos;s my thing , &quot; she revealed to the nrz .
there have already been two events held in the brightly lit café .
or perhaps more accurately , one .
this is because the hafenfest took place more outside than in - café déjà vu did not benefit from it .
however , there was also the ringelnatz evening .
the two 33-year-olds found it &quot; beautiful , successful and funny &quot; .
but it was not for everyone .
perhaps this is why daniel büttner is not a vocal fan of evening events : &quot; you just cannot please everyone &quot; .
and with an event , i am always only appealing to those who have expressed an interest in the special event .
for this reason , events will always be an exception to the rule for us .
&quot; we want to cause as little disruption as possible to normal business &quot; .
that is to say : déjà vu also stands for reliability .
this is with regard to the quality of the products that are offered here , as well as the team and the fantastic setting on the opschlag in kleve .
the street that is fast becoming a &apos; restaurant mile &apos; .
this is to the delight of many kleve residents , guests from near and far and the students who are discovering the &apos; restaurant mile &apos; , and with it the café déjà vu , for themselves .
anke gellert-helpenstein
a day of thanks with the mgv ( male choral society ) in dinker
this year the &quot; friedrich wilhelm dinker &quot; mgv issued an invitation to its 165th anniversary celebration , which 52 guests , active singers and their wives were happy to accept .
in the clubhouse at the &quot; witteborg &quot; inn in dinker , all those present enjoyed the friendly get-together in the name of music .
traditionally , the anniversary celebration is also always the fitting occasion to bestow honours .
this time around , secretary rolf wagener was delighted to receive the special &quot; singer of the year &quot; award .
&quot; not only have you kept countless records for us , but you have also done so much running around for us , and for this we offer our sincere thanks , &quot; said choir chairman erich schlotmann .
the awards for participation in the performances and choir rehearsals by means of the presentation of &quot; activity posies &quot; , this year went to choir director dieter schulze , with 44 attendance marks , followed by honorary chairman horst pier-ribbert , the chairman himself , and last year &apos;s &quot; singer of the year &quot; friedrich winkler , each having attended 42 times .
fifth place went to artur brückner , responsible for organising music copies .
the board of directors gave special thanks to the team managed by innkeeper , ange pier-ribbert , which once again delighted those present with a top class menu , and to gerda pier-ribbert for the table decorations .
the &quot; friedrich-wilhelm &quot; mgv meets for its regular choir rehearsals in the clubhouse every tuesday at 19 : 45 .
&quot; new voices that love to sing are more than welcome any time , &quot; said schlotmann .
un hails new goals to tackle poverty
the united nations is to start work immediately on a new set of goals to replace the millennium development goals , which were put place 12 years ago to tackle global poverty .
australian diplomats played a key role in pushing for &quot; sustainable development goals &quot; to replace the mdgs , which expire in 2015 , ahead of the un sustainable development summit that began in rio de janeiro overnight .
they were included in the final draft of the document , which will be endorsed by world leaders including ms gillard during the summit .
un secretary-general ban ki-moon told the summit overnight that now is the time to &quot; rise above national interests . &quot;
&quot; i am pleased that member states have agreed to launch and take ownership of a process to establish universal sustainable development goals - sdgs , &quot; he said .
these sdgs will build on our advances under the millennium development goals , and they will be an integral part of the post-2015 development framework .
i will spare no effort to implement the mandate given to me by member states to realise our vision of sustainable development goals that build on the success of the mdgs .
even though the sg achim / baden has gone four match days without victory , a positive mood is still prevailing within the top flight handball team .
trainer tomasz malmon will not let there be any doubt of this fact .
everyone is still fully motivated for the task at hand .
that said , i do hope that we finally start winning again .
&quot; i no longer remember how a victory like that tastes , &quot; said malmon , anticipating success for his team at vfl fredenbeck ii .
even though the third-tier reserves from fredenbeck are no &apos;t exactly in the best form at the moment , malmon has issued a warning in advance
i trained many of the players myself in the a-youth .
consequently , they will be particularly motivated playing against their former coach .
&quot; in addition , we will have to wait and see whether reinforcements from the first team will be there , &quot; explained the sg coach .
in any case , if they are to finally get back on the winning track , malmon &apos;s team will have to improve on recent performances .
there have been major problems , primarily in terms of covering and counter attacking .
the team &apos;s eye for the goal must be considerably improved .
therefore , i hope that my players have finally managed to clear their heads during the short break .
mozambique security concerns mount as powerful personalities clash
with a statue of samora machel , mozambique &apos;s founding president , staring down on them , thousands of people gathered in central maputo to chant peace slogans in a rare public demonstration .
&quot; we want peace back ; we want stability , &quot; said vanessa de sousa , chief executive of an investment company .
fearful about the future of her country , she swapped her corporate attire for a t-shirt emblazoned with &quot; we demand security &quot; in portuguese as she joined the crowds in the capital &apos;s independence square on thursday .
for two weeks , there have been almost daily reports of clashes between government forces and renamo , some of the worst skirmishes since a peace deal more than 20 years ago .
renamo was once a notorious rebel movement , initially backed by white-ruled rhodesia and then south africa &apos;s apartheid government as part of efforts to destabilise the country &apos;s independent government .
after a 1992 peace deal , it became an opposition party .
analysts believe the country is unlikely to slide back into full-blown conflict , but recent events have unnerved foreign investors and locals .
the stakes are high for the fast-growing economy as the discovery of huge offshore gas reserves and coal deposits in the northwest could bring in more than $ 50bn of investment over the next few next years from companies including rio tinto , vale of brazil , eni of italy and anadarko of the us .
the ruling frelimo party , the dominant political force since 1975 , and renamo blame each other for the tension .
renamo says the government initiated the latest clashes by launching an attack on its members in sofala province , traditionally a renamo stronghold , on october 17 .
assaults on the former rebels then escalated as government forces attacked renamo bases and attempted to kill afonso dhlakama , the group &apos;s leader , fernando mazanga , renamo &apos;s spokesman , told the financial times .
the government blames renamo for triggering the clashes , accusing it of attacking soldiers .
president armando guebuza has sought to play down concerns about instability .
mr guebuza told afp , the french news agency , on wednesday that mr dhlakama saw himself as a &quot; loser &quot; who wanted to use &quot; whatever remains of his forces to try to prove that he can impose on the government his own decisions . &quot;
both frelimo and renamo insist they want to avoid war .
but concerns have grown after mr mazanga was quoted as saying renamo was abandoning the 1992 peace accord .
he told the ft that he meant the agreement was no longer being respected by frelimo .
&quot; our vision is to come back to negotiations , but with seriousness , &quot; mr mazanga said .
previous talks between the parties have done little to ease tensions fuelled by a series of clashes this year .
&quot; it &apos;s two big men ( guebuza and dhlakama ) butting heads together , &quot; said joseph hanlon , a lecturer at the open university and mozambique expert .
neither of them are good negotiators and neither of them are prepared to make the kind of concessions that are necessary .
renamo , which has been pushing for electoral reforms , had already said that it would boycott municipal elections due in november .
presidential and parliamentary polls are scheduled for next year .
some commentators have interpreted its use of force as the attempt of an ailing movement to win concessions and financial spoils from the government .
renamo &apos;s share of the vote has been declining since 1992 , while a newer party , the democratic movement of mozambique ( mdm ) which was formed by a former renamo member , is expected to improve its showing at the elections .
mr mazanga says mr guebuza - who is due to step down when his second term ends next year - wants to destroy the country &apos;s democracy .
&quot; he does not want multi-party democracy , he does not want transparent elections he does not want peace because he does not want to leave the presidency , &quot; mr mazanga said .
it is unclear how much capacity renamo has , but it has carried out disruptive hit-and-run attacks on police stations and vehicles on a key north-south highway .
most of the skirmishes have taken place in sofala province , which is several hundred kilometres north of maputo , but hosts beira , the port that miners , including rio tinto and vale , rely on to export coal .
in june , rio suspended its use of the railway for about a week after renamo threatened to attack the line .
mr mazanga was coy when asked about whether renamo would repeat this threat .
renamo wanted to &quot; warn the international community that things were not going well in mozambique , &quot; mr mazanga said .
the instability has added to frustrations with the government , says fernando lima , head of mediacoop , an independent media company , with many people also concerned about corruption , the slow pace of development and a recent spate of kidnappings .
&quot; people think the ones responsible for the future of the country are the government and the president , and he should be the one to find solutions for the problems , &quot; he says .
omar sultuane , a demonstrator , said people just wanted stability .
&quot; no one cares about renamo and frelimo , they just want peace again , they want free access to the roads , &quot; he said .
children should be taught myths and legends as &quot; models for a way of life &quot; , author says .
tales of thor could show &quot; brute strength is no match for subtle trickery , &quot; while the arthurian legends reveal the importance of having a dream .
saying many of the myths would be &quot; far too wild , far too scandalous and in some cases far too filthy to be taught in schools , &quot; crossley-holland advocated a &quot; careful selection &quot; of age-appropriate works .
&quot; i find it wonderful that in america , myth and folklore already has a part in education , &quot; he said .
i have been advocating it as a plan for twenty years .
he added authors and teachers being &quot; overtly didactic &quot; is a &quot; total switch-off &quot; for children , with messages being &quot; subliminated &quot; in enjoyable stories .
crossley-holland , who has translated beowulf from anglo-saxon as well as writing the penguin book of norse myths and british folk tales , said : &quot; you may well have intentions but you do better to keep them well out of sight . &quot;
perhaps the big difference between an adult author writing for an adult and an adult author writing for a child is the necessity for some sense of hope .
not that everything has to be simplified or come to a happy ending , but that there is an innate sense of good and evil .
and that must be subliminated ; revealed through a story rather than stated .
the old basis of showing not telling .
hansjakob back in freihof once again
100 years ago , heinrich hansjakob moved into his retirement home in haslach , on sunday his final years in the &quot; freihof &quot; were brought to life .
the large audience was inspired by the extremely amusing role play .
from his arrival , to his being conferred with honorary citizenship and his death , alois kraftzcyk , the scriptwriter and actor portraying hansjakob , has written an entertaining play , which received great acclaim under the directorship of cornelia volk .
marcus zagermann , serving as narrator , guided the audience through the ten different scenes , explained circumstances and provided links explaining leaps from his youth to the time when he was approaching retirement .
on 22 october 1913 , hansjakob returned home to his childhood paradise , to his freihof .
it was there that the role-play began , with alois krafczyk shining once again in his famous role as the town &apos;s great son .
true to style , he travelled with a two-horse carriage drawn by &quot; schwarzwälder füchsen &quot; ( black forest chestnut horses ) owned by erich becherer from mühlenbach .
not only was he received with great applause from the audience , but was also welcomed by his sister philippine .
billy sum-hermann managed unbelievably well to place herself in the role of the sister and brought the character to life amazingly well , in terms of both her expressions and gestures .
between the individual scenes , the mühlenbacher bauernkapelle played appropriately selected musical pieces , thus rounding off the performance .
the honour of presenting the title of honorary citizen went to haslach &apos;s mayor , heinz winkler , who , together with a section of the town council , made an appearance representing the mayor of hüttich from back in hansjakob &apos;s day .
the &quot; dreikönig &quot; singers then made their own appearance , leading hansjakob to exclaim : &quot; oh how beautiful , this brings childhood memories of my own time in a dreikönig group back to life &quot; .
with their song , &quot; o jesulein &quot; , they delighted the audience in the freihof , as did the &quot; storchentagskinder &quot; with their loud cries of &quot; heraus , heraus &quot; .
in his day , hansjakob expressed his criticism of the institutional church , as well as his concerns regarding the excesses in the rural economy , the consequences of industrialisation and the effects of the war .
he found his place of rest on his native soil , behind his mausoleum on the brand near hofstetten .
the role-play ended with the words &quot; a restless spirit finally found rest and returned home forever &quot; .
the performance received great applause and many words of praise from the audience .
basketball : hopes are growing for the neckar riesen ( neckar giants ) .
the chances of the relegated ludwigsburg budesliga basketball players remaining in the league have improved .
this is because there is to be a wild card procedure , and the neckar riesen are now up against one applicant fewer .
the hamburg towers basketball project is declining to make an application for a possible stand-in place .
&quot; we will not participate in the wild card process , &quot; said former national team player pascal roller , who has been putting together the concept for a professional club in the hansa town since 2012 .
however , there was no sigh of relief to be heard from ludwigsburg .
&quot; we are not concerning ourselves with the wild card process until it is certain that düsseldorf is not receiving a licence , &quot; said boss of the neckar riesen alexander reil , speaking to our paper .
newly promoted düsseldorf baskets have until 23 may to submit documents to the arbitration panel and prove their financial fitness for the bundesliga .
however , the rhineland team have already been refused the licence twice .
the court of arbitration is the authority of last resort .
haigerloch : focus on the abendmahlskirche
as the town &apos;s contribution to the 150th anniversary of the protestant church in haigerloch , the town &apos;s office of culture and tourism is to dedicate the last of this year &apos;s public thematic tours on sunday 27 october to the abendsmahlskirche ( church of the holy communion ) .
following a visit to the nuclear bunker museum , the focus will turn to haigerloch in the period after 1850 , when haigerloch came under prussian rule .
the crowning glory will be a visit to the abendmahlskirche .
there the participants of the tour will be told the story of the construction of the church and will gain insight into the development of the protestant congregation , in what is a catholic area through and through .
last but not least , while in the church eyes will also turn to the last supper painting , painted by friedrich schüz with the support of walter kröll and georg halbritter .
it is a faithful reproduction of the famous work leonardo da vinci in milan .
the meeting point for the one and a half hour tour is the nuclear bunder museum , at 3 : 00 p.m.
tickets are available from the ticket office at the nuclear bunker museum .
the haigerloch town tourist office is available for questions and to provide you with information .
snowden may make further statements in russia
the former us intelligence expert , edward snowden , may make further statements regarding the us espionage scandal from his russian asylum .
representatives of the federal prosecutor could either submit questions in writing or meet the 30-year-old in person in russia .
this was reported by the interfax agency with reference to groups aware of the situation , which were not named in greater detail .
such matters are to be clarified at an intergovernmental level , it was stated .
a departure of snowden from russia is virtually impossible .
&quot; if this were to happen , he would lose his status as a refugee , &quot; said the agency , quoting their source .
because germany is an ally of the usa , snowden would be at risk of deportation if he were to travel there , the source continued .
endurance pays dividends
six teams battled to become champion at the club tennis tournament .
in the end , it was the endurance of the maier / bronner team that decided the final match .
the tennis division of the sportfreunde rohrdorf ( rohrdorf sports fans ) enjoyed perfect weather for the tournament for local clubs and enthusiasts .
the focus of the tournament was on the fun of playing tennis .
five matches were scheduled for each team , with every team playing one match against all the others .
the matches were doubles matches with a long set up to nine points , or a maximum duration of 45 minutes .
anja schlichter managed the tournament
the organisation of the tournament was placed in the trusty hands of anja schlichter , who was supported by carmen müller and inga kronemeyer .
after the first three matches and a lunch break with pasta , the tournament moved into the crucial phase .
the favourites , andre maier / matthias bronner , were tied with michael klippel and sadmin osmicic ( both teams from the sg rohrweiler ) , meaning that the last two games had to produce a victor .
at the awards ceremony , carmen müller finally had the pleasure of presenting the challenge cup to andre maier and matthias bronner , who had shown the greatest staying power on the final leg .
second place was taken by the michael klippel / sadmin osmicic partnership .
bronze went to rainer and bernd maier of the asphaltriecher team .
in the late afternoon sun , accompanied by coffee and cake , the tournament drew to a successful close .
on the last weekend in august , the vogtsbauernhof black forest open air museum in gutach near hornberg will once again be firmly in the hands of children .
traditionally , the museum welcomes visitors on a saturday and sunday , this year on on 24 and 25 august , to a colourful party for children and families as part of the summer holiday programme , with numerous participation activities and events .
&quot; on both days , adults and children alike can learn various traditional handicrafts , &quot; said the press release .
whether producing soap , turning candles , felting or making silk , there is a suitable activity whatever your age .
the children will receive help from regional artisans , present from 11.00 a.m. until 5 : 00 p.m.
activities will also be taking place in the museum workshop .
the young guests will be able to demonstrate their manual skills building cuckoo pipes , water wheels or spinning tops .
the host of old games , such as wheelbarrow racing or walking on stilts , promises plenty of fun .
here speed and coordination are the order of the day .
for any miniature detectives , the open air museum will be offering a mystery tour through the museum on saturday and sunday , at midday and 2.00 p.m. respectively .
on a tour of the premises , the children will have to work out which stories are true and which have been made up .
in addition , visitors will have the special opportunity to get to know the open air museum on a carriage journey drawn by black forest chestnut horses .
it is not just horses that can be found and admired on the grounds , but many other animals such as sheep , goats , cows and chickens as well .
on the sunday the children will also be able to enjoy the clown , otsch , who will be doing pranks with the museum guests from 11.00 a.m.
meanwhile , a cosy and magical alternative will be provided by hermann büttner .
the story-teller will be taking the younger guests to the wonderful world of fairytale at 11.00 a.m. , 1 : 00 p.m. and 3 : 00 p.m.
the traditional children &apos;s dance group from gutach will also be performing at 11 : 30 a.m.
furthermore , on both event days , from 11.00 a.m. until 5.00 p.m. , numerous artisans such as the broom maker , the sewer , the spinner , the weaver and the baker will be letting visitors look over their shoulders .
so , visitors to the open air museum can expect a varied holiday programme right through to the end of the summer holidays in baden-wuerttemberg .
in a small town in new zealand , burt munro is considered a lovable oddball , all because he resolved to compete in a race in america with his 1920 motorbike .
in spite of his heart defect , burt could not be deterred from pursuing his dream .
with his savings , a few donations and a mortgage on his old workshop , he set off to los angeles by ship .
the film will be followed by coffee , tea and cake .
piercing beep disturbs residents
rhenus midgard has also invested highly in land
they stockpile the coal that arrives on ships .
at the same time , the company also has other irons in the fire at the location .
besides coal imports , rhenus midgard is also active in the field of wind park logistics , among other ventures .
the coals shimmer black in the storage yard in front of the embankment .
here two huge blue stacker and reclaimer machines distribute or load the coals as required .
with each movement of the handling machines , a shrill warning noise rings out over the site .
&quot; the signals are for the purpose of security and are legally prescribed , &quot; said matthias schrell , managing director of rhenus midgard in wilhelmshaven .
unfortunately , in the event of unfavourable wind , they can be heard from far away - and as a result there have already been a number of complaints from people from the north of the town .
the 40-year-old said that he is taking the complaints very seriously and has therefore been in touch with those affected .
in close consultation with the authorities , we are now in a position to make the warning signals quieter by means of the implementation of technical measures .
in future he will also seek open dialogue with neighbours .
for matthias schrell has some further plans at the location .
with the construction of the lower saxony bridge , rhenus midgard is continuing to focus on coal exports for power stations and is one of the major powers in this sector in europe .
thanks to the mooring basin to the front of the terminal , sunken to a depth of 18.5 metres , it has for some time now been possible to unload capesize bulk carriers here .
&quot; in terms of handling , this year we hope to break the 3 million tonne mark , &quot; said schrell .
alongside the local eon power plant , the imported coals also go to power plants inland .
when the gdf-suez plant is added to the network , around 5 million tonnes of coal imports per year will be realistic .
the three ship unloaders on the bridge and the second transport belt could see this rise to 10 million .
bavaria &apos;s basketball players optimistic in spite of first defeat .
even their first defeat in the euroleague could not curtail the huge optimism of the fc bayern münchen basketballers .
&quot; no-one can stop us believing that we can win , even against the best team in europe over the last two years , &quot; assessed bayern coach svetislav pesic following the unfortunate 83 : 88 ( 39 : 47 ) defeat to title defenders olympiakos piräus on thursday evening .
we have delivered a message : basketball also exists in munich !
in their first three appearances in the european top flight , the munich team put in a good performance for long periods , but in the crucial phases were not sufficiently focussed .
initially the guests managed to turn a 15-point deficit into a lead , with 13 minutes to go , before piräus was able to turn the game around once again .
&quot; we fought back incredibly well against the two-time euroleague champions , but then once again made careless mistakes .
we are proud of our performance , but we want to win every game .
malcolm delaney and nihad djedovic were the most successful strikers for the munich team , who had celebrated clear wins against the italian series champions montepaschi siena , and the polish title-holders , zielona góra , in their first two games .
ben greenman : the tenth anniversary of the new york comedy festival : the new yorker
one could argue that new york city is the birthplace of standup comedy in america : nearly a hundred years ago , the vaudevillian frank fay , who served as the master of ceremonies at the palace theatre , on broadway , started telling jokes directly to the crowd , in a conversational manner .
fay &apos;s innovation has been extended through the years , most recently by the new york comedy festival .
created and overseen by caroline hirsch , the founder of the standup institution carolines , the festival celebrates its tenth anniversary this year , with more than sixty shows at small clubs and large theatres .
&quot; most of these headliners appeared at carolines , and went on to greater success , to the point where they &apos;re too big to play a club , &quot; hirsch said .
we built this festival as a way of continuing to work with them .
this year &apos;s event includes appearances by wanda sykes , kathy griffin , and bill maher , as well as &quot; stand up for heroes , &quot; an annual music-and-comedy benefit for military veterans , at madison square garden , featuring , among others , bruce springsteen , jon stewart , roger waters , and bill cosby .
as the festival has expanded , so has the world of comedy .
several of the comedians participating in this year &apos;s festival came up through nontraditional channels , such as shows on smaller networks , like comedy central , fx , and spike .
nick kroll rose to prominence on a deep-cable sitcom ( fxx &apos;s gleefully raunchy fantasy-football-themed &quot; the league &quot; ) and now has his own comedy central sketch show .
jenny slate has been a cast member on both &quot; saturday night live &quot; and &quot; parks and recreation , &quot; though she is best known for her viral video series &quot; marcel the shell with shoes on . &quot;
both kroll and slate , as well as other young comedians with distinctive voices ( the surreally pessimistic anthony jeselnik , the wry , racially focussed w. kamau bell ) , are products of the decentralized world of american comedy .
one of the festival &apos;s biggest draws will be an interview : david steinberg talking to larry david .
steinberg started as a standup comedian but has become an accomplished television and film director , as well as an unofficial comedy historian .
from 2005 to 2007 , he hosted a show on tv land called &quot; sit down comedy with david steinberg . &quot;
the meeting takes place at town hall , in the center of manhattan .
&quot; the city is definitely in the comedy dna of all of larry &apos;s work , &quot; steinberg said .
he was telling me that , when he &apos;s here , sometimes he &apos;ll walk down an alley between two buildings and think to himself , hey , if i lose all my money , maybe i &apos;ll live here .
iran satisfied with the nuclear negotiations process
iran has expressed satisfaction with the negotiation process , one week before the next nuclear meeting with the five un veto powers and germany .
&quot; after many years , we have now reached an agreement with the international nuclear energy authorities to clear up the differences from past years , &quot; wrote foreign minister mohammed dschawad sarif on his facebook page .
it will without doubt be a long path , but the chief nuclear negotiator is satisfied with the negotiation process and is also optimistic that both sides will come to a solution in the end .
drama in uruguay : boys kill playmate with machetes
two children have confessed to the murder of an 11-year-old in uruguay .
the two boys , aged 14 and 12 , had invited their victim to go bird hunting with them .
on tuesday , armed with machetes and knives , they stabbed the 11-year-old to death and threw the body into a well , reported the &quot; el país &quot; newspaper on thursday .
they then went and played football in front of their homes in a working class district .
the body was found the following night in the village of cerro pelado , 15 kilometres to the north of the exclusive beach resort of punta del este .
a five year-old half-sister of the younger offender , who they took with them , was to make a statement as an alibi , stating that she was sexually assaulted by the boy .
however , when the girl described the progression of events to the police without mentioning an attack against herself , the two boys confessed to the pre-meditated murder of the 11-year-old .
the older of the pair cited a rivalry on the football field as the motive .
he was provisionally taken to a psychiatric young offenders institute .
pimp must go to prison
the district court of constance has condemned a 33-year-old man from st. georgen to three and a half years in prison for exploitative human trafficking , pimping , issuing threats and grievous bodily harm .
the former german soldier who , following two tours in afghanistan , had worked as a doorman , made a confession within the context of a plea-bargaining procedure .
according to the confession , on five occasions he got to know women via internet or telephone contacts , who he then sent out onto the streets against their will after a few weeks .
he broke any resistance by means of violence and the issuing of threats .
he kept the income from women , some of whom worked for him for years .
he prevented the women from making contact with the outside world by confiscating their mobile phones and sim cards .
together with an accomplice , who procured the women , he brought them to various brothels in the south-west .
there he had them monitored to some extent , in order to control their income .
appearing before the court , the accused initially claimed that he was suffering from severe trauma after colleagues serving alongside him in afghanistan had lost their lives in an explosion .
once a psychiatric expert had cast considerable doubt on him suffering from any psychiatric condition , and thus on his limited culpability , the 33-year-old made a full confession .
the court did not have to question any more of the female victims .
as an official from the criminal investigation department reported , following the first conviction achieved using telephone surveillance measures , at least four further cases of exploitative human trafficking could be identified .
the intercepted conversations were characterised by a high level of aggression .
in subsequent hearings , the victims confirmed their ordeal .
a further witness , whereby one of the woman had suffered blue bruises all over her body , is yet to make a statement .
this is a case of a &quot; completely broken personality &quot; , that views the violence and exploitation in this field as normal .
yesterday the accused expressed regret for his behaviour .
&quot; i have removed myself from these circles and hope to lead a completely normal life following my imprisonment , &quot; he stated .
oil extends drop toward $ 96 a barrel
the price of oil continued to fall on friday as concerns over high supplies offset a report showing china &apos;s power-hungry manufacturing sector is strengthening .
benchmark u.s. crude for december delivery was down 14 cents at $ 96.24 a barrel by late morning in europe in electronic trading on the new york mercantile exchange .
the contract fell 39 cents on thursday , leaving it down 5.8 percent for the month of october .
ample supplies of crude have weighed on the price in recent weeks .
the energy department said wednesday that u.s. supplies increased 4.1 million barrels last week .
over five weeks , supplies have risen by more than 25 million barrels .
but a suggestion of stronger demand came friday from two reports on chinese manufacturing that showed an uptick in activity .
that suggests china &apos;s economic recovery could continue to strengthen after growth rebounded to 7.8 percent in the third quarter from a two-decade low in the previous quarter .
brent crude , a benchmark for international crude also used by u.s. refineries , fell 26 cents to $ 108.58 a barrel on the ice exchange in london .
court blocks ruling on nypd stop-and-frisk policy
a federal appeals court on thursday blocked a judge &apos;s order requiring changes to the new york police department &apos;s stop-and-frisk program and removed the judge from the case .
the 2nd u.s. circuit court of appeals said the decisions of judge shira scheindlin will be stayed pending the outcome of an appeal by the city .
the judge had ruled in august the city violated the constitution in the way it carried out its program of stopping and questioning people .
the city appealed her findings and her remedial orders , including a decision to assign a monitor to help the police department changes its policy and training program associated with it .
the appeals court heard arguments tuesday on the requested stay .
the appeals court said the judge needed to be removed from the case because she ran afoul of the code of conduct for u.s. judges by compromising the necessity for a judge to avoid the appearance of partiality in part because of a series of media interviews and public statements responding publicly to criticism of the court .
the judge had ruled that police officers violated the civil rights of tens of thousands of people by wrongly targeting black and hispanic men with its stop-and-frisk program .
she appointed an outside monitor to oversee major changes , including reforms in policies , training and supervision , and she ordered a pilot program to test body-worn cameras in some precincts where most stops occur .
in august , new york city agreed to end the practice of storing the names and addresses of people whose cases are dismissed after a police stop .
an oral argument on the city &apos;s appeal is scheduled for sometime after march 14 , 2014 .
the stop-and-frisk tactic has been criticized by a number of civil rights advocates .
stop-and-frisk has been around for decades in some form , but recorded stops increased dramatically under the administration of independent mayor michael bloomberg to an all-time high in 2011 of 684,330 , mostly of black and hispanic men .
a lawsuit was filed in 2004 by four men , all minorities , and became a class action case .
supporters of changes to the nypd &apos;s stop-and-frisk program say the changes will end unfair practices , will mold a more trusted and effective police force and can affect how other police departments use the policy .
opponents say the changes would lower police morale but not crime , waste money and not solve a broader problem of a police force under pressure after shrinking by thousands of officers during the last decade .
the judge noted she wasn &apos;t putting an end to the stop-and-frisk practice , which is constitutional , but was reforming the way the nypd implemented its stops .
on the happiness of dreaming camels
happiness is an oasis that only dreaming camels manage to reach
it was with this piece of bedouin wisdom that the first ever chairman wolfgang henne described the history and fascination behind the &quot; helping hands &quot; society .
saturday evening saw the celebration of the tenth birthday of the organisation , which can already look back on impressive results .
founding chairman henne reported in depth on the work of the organisation .
in 2004 , he visited the cheijk-zajed hospital in nouakchott in mauritania for the first time .
as a result , an important collaboration was developed and the gynaecologist , hanne , has performed countless operations on several journeys to the location .
during the speech , images from the trips were shown on a large screen , in order to give the guests at the anniversary event an insight into the initiatives mentioned .
the organisation &apos;s desert vehicle was also shown .
it is a former federal border protection vehicle .
rainer prewo , the former lord mayor of nagold , made the suggestion of equipping this vehicle with a photovoltaic system and , according to henne , he is now planning to assume an advisory role within the organisation .
in 2008 , the schleeh carpentry company from baiersbronn built the hospital station in socogim , a poor district on the edge of the capital , in the record time of less than one week - free of charge .
henne also mentioned a new mother and child hospital in nouakchott
this is particularly interesting at a time when nagold is set to do away with its maternity clinic .
you learn a great deal working as a doctor in africa , said henne , for example that you should slow down to avoid burn-out .
due to the political unrest in the country , it has not been possible to make as many journeys as planned , but for this reason , many local doctors have come to germany , to sit in on lectures on a variety of topics .
in addition , containers with materials are regularly sent to africa , for example in march of this year when medical devices , medicines , bandaging material , hospital beds and spectacles were sent .
co-initiator hans-joachim fuchtel himself provided plenty of local colour , telling of mercedes vehicles in mauritania converted into mobile goat stalls and sharing the experiences of the stammheim musicians , who traditionally support the organisation on their trips to mauritania .
he identified his personal motivation as being his work in the area of auditing as a young member of parliament .
when it became clear to him how much money is wasted , he decided to help the africans with controlling of their budget by the people .
fuchtel also emphasised that a global economy requires global human kindness .
the fact that africa lies closer than many think should by no means be forgotten .
africa is not at all that far from gran canaria .
coulson used phone hacking to verify tip
former news of the world editor andy coulson allegedly used &quot; phone hacking , surveillance and confrontation &quot; in an attempt to confirm a bogus tip about an affair involving then-home secretary charles clarke .
prosecutor andrew edis qc told the old bailey that the news of the world heard a false rumour in may 2005 that clarke was seeing his &quot; attractive special adviser , &quot; hannah pawlby .
the newspaper tasked private investigator glenn mulcaire with hacking pawlby &apos;s voicemails and &quot; door-stepped &quot; her , but coulson also called and left her voicemails , the court heard .
&quot; the prosecution suggests that mr coulson , who is now the editor of the notw , he is not the man who stands outside people &apos;s houses hoping to catch them out , he is the man who likes to put the story to people to see what they will say , &quot; mr edis said .
he said the notw used three ways to investigate stories : phone hacking , surveillance , and confrontation .
the editor is personally involved in the third .
obviously he knows about the second , surveillance , he must do .
what about the first ?
does he know about phone hacking ?
he says he doesn &apos;t , we say &quot; oh yes , he did &quot; .
rumours about an affair involving clarke were first picked up by the notw &apos;s features desk when a source who was sexually interested in ms pawlby was told : &quot; don &apos;t bother wasting your time , she &apos;s with charles . &quot;
a tape of voicemails taken from her phone on at least three occasions was seized from mulcaire &apos;s home in august 2006 .
investigators also found entries on the private investigator &apos;s computer which had ms pawlby and her sister as &quot; projects . &quot;
during the period she was being investigated , ms pawlby &apos;s grandparents received anonymous calls asking for information about her , mr edis said .
meanwhile , former chief reporter neville thurlbeck and former reporter james weatherup oversaw surveillance of ms pawlby &apos;s movements .
leaving her a voicemail on june 18 2005 , coulson told her : &quot; i &apos;ve got a story that we &apos;re planning to run tomorrow that i really would like to speak to charles about . &quot;
mr edis said coulson &apos;s involvement in the story followed the same pattern as with other important men , such as former home secretary david blunkett .
the jury heard on thursday that coulson confronted mr blunkett over an affair with a married woman while he was himself seeing co-defendant rebekah brooks , who was married at the time .
coulson and brooks deny conspiring with others to hack phones between october 3 2000 and august 9 2006 .
mulcaire , thurlbeck and weatherup have admitted phone hacking .
in protest against the planned tax on the rich , the french football association is set to actually go through with the first strike since 1972 .
a mediation meeting comes to an end without resolution .
in the conflict regarding the tax on the wealthy , the government and the professional football association in france have manoeuvred into a cul-de-sac following a failed mediation meeting .
president françois hollande welcomed club and association representatives to paris &apos; élysée palace on thursday , where he listened to their complaints .
however , he refused to spare the football association from the planned 75 % income tax to be imposed on those earning in excess of one million € per year , which every company in the country will have to pay for two years , from 2014 .
the opposition also remained adamant .
the strike announced for the end of november will now go ahead , informed the head of the union of professional football clubs ( ucpf ) , jean-pierre louvel .
the ligue 1 and ligue 2 match days scheduled between 29 november and 2 december will thus be cancelled .
gechingen : absolute protection not possible
&quot; we want to involve the residents in the planning at as early a stage as possible , &quot; said mayor jens häußler , opening the citizen &apos;s information event regarding the flood protection concept in gechingen .
around 80 participants came to the gemeindehalle ( community hall ) to have the planned measures explained to them , to express their concerns and submit ideas .
häußler made clear : &quot; the final decisions will be made by the members of the town council &quot; .
häußler commented that the flood that found gechingen unprepared on 15 may 2009 , was a decisive event in raising the question of protective measures for the future .
a river basin study was commissioned in collaboration with the neighbouring community of aidlingen , which now forms the basis for the flood protection concept in gechingen .
&quot; the goal is the protection of as many developed plots of land as possible , &quot; said häußler .
the basis for the plans is the need for protection against expected floods , which statistically occurs every 100 years , according to the german weather service .
climate change is taken into account in the form of an allowance of 15 per cent .
in expert circles this is referred to as &quot; hq 100aklima &quot; .
the masses of water that caused considerable damage in gechingen in 2009 was equivalent to a 1,000-year flood .
&quot; there is no such thing as absolute protection , but we can attempt to make a relative improvement , &quot; said häußler .
in order to achieve hq 100aklima protection , around four million € must be invested in gechingen , whereby the town can count on a state subsidy of around 70 per cent .
however , häußler indicated that the funding would only be provided if an overall concept is developed .
in order to develop such a concept , the town is reliant on the cooperation of its citizens .
a complex planning and approval procedure must be completed .
in a best case scenario , implementation could begin in 2016 .
among other measures , the protection concept , which ( we reported ) has already been presented to the town council during the past week , plans local measures in the tributary to the river irm , running from the stammheim valley .
in conjunction with the presentation of the flood protection concept , the participants made use of the opportunity to submit their concerns .
among others , the question was raised as to why embankments and detention reservoirs are no longer planned to protect the location .
gregor kühn , technical planner at the commissioned engineering company , hügelsheim-based &apos; wald und corbe &apos; , who presented the concept , emphasised that it required the interplay of all proposed measures , in order that their sum might achieve the desired goal .
furthermore , the most economic solution must be found , said joachim wald of wald und corbe .
there was resentment among local residents of the old town , who have repeatedly to suffer as a result of the overflowing of the canal network , even during normal thunderstorms .
the problem is known to the administrative department and initial measures have already been taken .
however , häußler indicated that the guidelines for canal systems are different to those for flood protection , and these must not be confused .
the town is obliged to design the canal network in such a way that it can withstand rainfall events every two to three years .
to make the sewerage channels wider would gobble up millions .
persons seriously injured following collision
early on friday afternoon , two car drivers were seriously injured in a head-on collision on landesstraße 44 ( a rural road ) .
the police completely blocked off the road immediately , but initially could not make much comment on the cause of the accident .
however , they did mention that there were various witness statements that first had to be assessed .
what is certain is that the 19-year-old female driver of a vw golf was driving in the direction of revensdorf and the 38-year-old man from gettorf came towards her in his hyundai .
the two vehicles collided , whereby the woman was so severely stuck that it took the fire service almost half an hour to free her from the vehicle wreckage .
initially the actual cause of the accident remained unclear .
both unfortunate parties were taken to nearby hospitals .
the road remained fully blocked off for around two hours .
you could call him the dostoevsky of the usa .
philip k. dick was a god seeker , a metaphysician , and to a certain extent his novels and stories also feature recurring themes .
the external likeness is astounding : the piercing eyes , the beard , the high forehead .
and so , as fyodor m. dostoevsky - with his massive oeuvre - is considered the revealer and apologist of the russian soul , philip k. dick is considered an american prophet , who is certainly highly esteemed within his own native country .
some titles have been released by the heyne verlag publishing house , the &apos; haffman &apos;s cassette &apos; featuring 118 stories was distributed by zweitaudenseins .
dick illustrates america - the kingdom of breathtaking technical progress , paired with paranoia , a fixation on security and the belief of having been chosen .
dick had &apos; god experiences &apos; , and his later books read like a mixture of the book of revelation and a computer manual .
perhaps he was crazy , or perhaps drugs had affected his brain .
he realised , early on , that computers are divinities .
he wrote a &apos; theology of the computer &apos; and questioned what separates humans from the machine , the creator from the creation .
that is the &quot; blade runner &quot; problem .
killing .
a master of science fiction .
a fantastic writer .
his stories have inspired film producers such as ridley scott , paul verhoeven and steven spielberg .
the latter story is now particularly significant .
&quot; minority report &quot; originates from the year 1956 , and exudes the scent of the cold war and the mccarthy tribunal .
here the principle of the &quot; pre-crime &quot; is developed , i.e. something that is now more or less official doctrine within the white house .
in dick &apos;s world , which is alarmingly similar to our own , mutants look into the future - and the police have access to this insight .
&quot; we arrest individuals who &apos;ve broken no law , &quot; says the government official .
&quot; we get to them first , before they can commit an act of violence &quot; .
and : &quot; in our society we have no major crimes , but we do have a detention camp full of would-be criminals &quot; . they read time streams .
they assume that bad things are going to happen and prevent the criminal thought turning into action .
dick &apos;s tale acts as a blueprint for the anti-terror laws and the phone tapping madness of the nsa .
anticipation of attack : this is also how obama &apos;s drone philosophy and practices work .
however , dick &apos;s story is not yet finished .
the police chief argues that there is no more division of power , the military controls daily life - and what is left of the state .
then the watcher is himself being watched and is convicted of a future crime .
the system slips up .
it is perfect , but it lies .
it devises its own conditions .
it not only accepts errors and victims , but builds itself on them .
the system creates the threat that it is fighting against .
to read philip k. dick means to get closer to the truth , time and time again .
issuing statements regarding the merkel spying scandal from russia
the former us intelligence expert , edward snowden , may make further statements regarding the us espionage scandal involving federal chancellor , angela merkel , from his russian asylum .
representatives of the german federal prosecutor &apos;s office could either submit questions in writing or meet the 30-year-old in person in russia , reported the interfax agency .
green party parliament representative , hans-christian ströbele , was yesterday the first german politician to meet with snowden in moscow , to discuss the scandal with him .
nsa revelations boost corporate paranoia about state surveillance
on a mild day in late august a german police helicopter buzzed low over the us consulate in frankfurt , the financial capital of germany .
on the instruction of the office for the protection of the constitution ( bfv ) , germany &apos;s domestic intelligence agency , its mission was to photograph the rooftop of the us outpost , which is located less than 5km from the european central bank and bundesbank .
german media say the bfv hoped to identify the presence of listening antennas and the action prompted an exchange between the us and the german foreign ministry in berlin .
james clapper , us director of national intelligence , insisted again in september that the us does not use foreign intelligence capabilities &quot; to steal the trade secrets of foreign companies on behalf of us companies to enhance their international competitiveness or increase their bottom line . &quot;
but ever since edward snowden , the contractor turned whistleblower , began releasing his treasure trove of us surveillance secrets , european governments and business leaders are no longer sure whether to take the director at his word .
reports that the us national security agency spied on brazilian oil company petrobras and gained access to data held by us cloud providers including google and yahoo have ratcheted corporate paranoia about state surveillance to new highs .
the final straw came when it was revealed that chancellor angela merkel &apos;s phone had been bugged , possibly for about a decade .
if europe &apos;s most powerful person can be targeted , then surely business leaders are also potential targets .
snowden has made transparent the intensive collaboration between us intelligence services and companies .
i think it &apos;s conceivable that these data are used for mutual benefit .
&quot; germany must wake up , &quot; says oliver grün , president of bitmi , which represents small and medium sized german it companies .
german companies believe the us now poses almost as big a risk as china when it comes to industrial espionage and data theft , according to a survey published in july by ey , the consultancy .
in all the documentation leaked by mr snowden , there has , however , been no evidence to date that the us has passed on foreign companies &apos; trade secrets to its own companies .
politicians have expressed concern that the eu lacks certain it and internet capabilities and should strive to reduce its dependence on the us .
business leaders are sceptical about this .
someone in the german parliament says we should build a german google .
i can only shut my eyes and slowly open them again ...
&quot; that &apos;s not the way , &quot; hasso plattner , chairman of german business software company sap , says .
if one wanted a strong european it industry , then one shouldn &apos;t have let it die out 20 years ago .
everything is subsidised in germany , from coal , to cars and farmers .
everything but the it industry .
still , the reach and technical sophistication of us spy agencies exposed by the snowden revelations have come as a shock to some companies who previously thought the biggest surveillance risk was posed by china .
a big shift is occurring in cloud computing where european executives have become more aware that data stored in the us is subject to that jurisdiction and therefore potentially vulnerable .
according to a survey carried out by the cloud security alliance , a trade body , some 10 per cent of non-us members cancelled plans to use a us-based cloud provider after revelations about the us prism data mining programme .
jim snabe , co-chief executive at sap , says : &quot; we see a new question from customers that didn &apos;t come up a year ago - which is where is my data stored and can you guarantee that it stays physically in that jurisdiction . &quot;
many german executives argue that the latest reports are simply confirmation of what they already knew : that powerful states want to steal their most prized secrets and these data must therefore be guarded at all costs .
that economic spying takes place is not a surprise .
it has always taken place .
&quot; this has been a topic for many years and hasn &apos;t fundamentally changed through the current discussion , &quot; says kurt bock , chief executive of chemical maker basf .
the americans spy on us on the commercial and industrial level as we spy on them too , because it is in the national interest to defend our businesses .
corporate leaders are not generally keen to boast about the countermeasures they have taken , in case this hands an advantage to an attacker .
for large companies , the message has long since been drummed home that picking up a free usb stick at a trade fair , or leaving a laptop unguarded in a hotel room are unwise , to say the least .
ulrich hackenberg , board member at carmaker audi , says it has been standard practice for years for mobile phones to be collected before board meetings so they cannot be used as remote listening devices .
germany &apos;s bfv advises executives to consider using simple prepaid mobiles when on foreign trips because of the risk that smart phones are compromised .
the prepaid mobiles are then thrown away afterwards .
however , there is concern that small and medium-sized companies remain vulnerable to hacking and surveillance .
in germany , many of these companies are global market leaders in their particular niche .
&quot; small and medium sized companies often lack the experience , personnel and financial resources to protect corporate secrets effectively against unauthorised access , &quot; the bfv warns in a report .
the us warns its own companies about economic espionage by other countries .
the us national intelligence estimate in february named france alongside russia and israel in a second tier of offenders who engage in hacking for economic intelligence , behind china , according to the washington post .
a board member at a german blue-chip company concurred that when it comes to economic espionage , &quot; the french are the worst . &quot;
bernard squarcini , former head of the french internal intelligence agency dcri , was quoted in an interview this month as saying : &quot; the services know perfectly well that all countries , even as they co-operate in the antiterrorist fight , spy on their allies . &quot;
hechingen : trade fair provides the answers to wedding questions
&quot; marriage is and remains the most important journey of discovery a person can undertake , &quot; said the philosopher sören kierkegaard .
tips , at least as to how the wedding celebration can be a success , have now been given at a special trade fair in the domäne in hechingen .
important suppliers of all wedding-related products and services were represented .
a trend : the retro look is back once again .
this begins with the wedding clothing .
white is a must , best muted or in cream .
at the front , dresses with numerous ruffles and embroidery are in , often with a veil , while to the rear they run down the back and often end in a train .
however , opinions differ , as stefanie koch from the modehaus kleidermüller emphasised .
for men , suits with a waistcoat and neckerchief are most popular , although some people do choose cream or brown combinations .
selecting the venue is important , it was explained .
plain adjoining rooms are not ideal , the ambience should be special .
in this regard , the domäne drew attention to their own facilities in the carriage house .
uwe link has an offer for anyone who wants to set off in a carriage .
&quot; however , carriages are also popular for hen parties , &quot; he commented .
people were also on the lookout for romantic ideas for invitations , flower arrangements and wedding photographs .
the &quot; after-wedding photo &quot; is becoming increasingly fashionable - that is , series of pictures taken a few days after the celebration , at special locations , preferably in front of waterfalls or the like , but in full wedding clothing , explained elisabeth keidel .
many other details for a successful wedding were presented in the domäne on sunday .
flower arrangements , rings , wedding tables , cakes and also a magician , such as marko ripperger , who can entertain guests with style .
the correct cosmetics and nail care mustn &apos;t be forgotten .
everything you need for an unforgettable celebration .
dog-lovers victorious
once again the athletes from the bitz dog-lovers association were victorious at a rally obedience tournament .
achim scherrenbacher started things off in kandel with two dogs ; with his bitch sandy he achieved 94 points in the beginners class and thus took fifth place , while with 15-month-old marley he took twelfth place with 87 points .
with her dog woody competing in the class 1 competition , susi höpp was subject to the critical scrutiny of the judge .
parents of georgia teen who died in &apos; freak accident &apos; believe son was murdered
the parents of a georgia teenager , whose body was found inside a rolled-up wrestling mat in his high school gym , believe their son was murdered , the family &apos;s attorney said thursday .
kendrick johnson , of valdosta , ga . , was found jan. 11 stuck in an upright mat propped behind the bleachers inside his high school gym .
lowndes county sheriff &apos;s investigators concluded johnson died in a freak accident , but the 17-year-old &apos;s family disputes that .
&quot; they absolutely think their son was murdered , &quot; benjamin crump , an attorney representing kenneth and jacquelyn johnson , told foxnews.com.
they never believed he died the way the sheriff concluded .
&quot; they believe that it defies logic , the laws of physics as well as common sense , &quot; crump said .
they think this is a cover-up to protect the person or people responsible for their son &apos;s death .
&quot; they sent their son to school with a book-bag and he was returned to them in a body bag , &quot; he said .
u.s. attorney michael moore said thursday he is conducting a formal investigation into johnson &apos;s death , noting that several key questions remain unanswered .
what was the cause of death ?
was his death the result of a crime ?
moore said at a press conference thursday afternoon .
i will follow the facts wherever they lead .
my objective is to discovery the truth .
&quot; i am of the opinion that a sufficient basis exists &quot; for a formal investigation , he said .
moore told reporters that the initial autopsy indicated johnson died as a result of &quot; positional asphyxia . &quot;
a second autopsy , however , listed a different cause of death , according to moore .
&quot; there are several questions that must be answered or confirmed , &quot; he said .
moore added that if he uncovers sufficient evidence to warrant a criminal or civil rights investigation into the death of johnson he will ask the fbi to conduct it .
a representative from the lowndes county sheriff &apos;s office was not immediately available for comment when contacted thursday .
a southern georgia judge on wednesday ordered authorities to release all surveillance video that investigators reviewed .
the teenager &apos;s parents said they hope the video footage will contain clues to how he died .
cdc issues children &apos;s allergy guidelines for schools
on wednesday , the centers for disease control and prevention released a set of guidelines to manage children &apos;s food allergies at school .
this is the first set of such guidelines the u.s. government has put out , as the number of school-age children suffering from food allergies climbs .
one in 20 children in the united states now have food allergies .
the cdc found the prevalence of food allergies among children increased 18 percent between 1997 and 2007 .
the guide contains information for schools on how to make faculty and staff aware of children &apos;s food allergies , and how to handle them should an allergic reaction occur .
it also recommends schools have epinephrine stocked -- the epipen brand auto-injector being most commonly used -- to respond to potentially fatal anaphylaxis .
state legislatures have recently been updating rules to allow schools to stock epinephrine more easily .
the report also includes a list of typical symptoms communicated by children who are having an allergic reaction .
kids may say , &quot; it feels like something is poking my tongue , &quot; &quot; my tongue feels like there is hair on it , &quot; or &quot; my tongue is tingling . &quot;
parents of intersex kids can pick &apos; gender undetermined&apos;
germany became the first european nation to recognize a third gender for babies born with ambiguous genitalia .
no longer will newborns be rigidly assigned to male or female .
the new law doesn &apos;t require parents to declare any gender for such children , allowing parents to declare gender &quot; undetermined &quot; or &quot; unspecified &quot; on their birth certificates .
the aim of the law was to take the pressure off parents who might make hasty decisions on sex-assignment surgery for newborns , and to fight discrimination against those who are intersex .
one intersex person , according to the bbc , said years later , &quot; i am neither a man nor a woman . &quot;
i will remain the patchwork created by doctors , bruised and scarred .
an estimated one in 2,000 children born each year is neither boy nor girl .
they are intersex , part of a group of about 60 conditions that fall under the diagnosis of disorders of sexual development , an umbrella term for those with atypical chromosomes , gonads ( ovaries or testes ) , or unusually developed genitalia .
wallis simpson may have been intersex .
gender identification is still not well understood , but most experts in the united states say that when sex cannot be determined , it &apos;s better to use the best available information to assign it then to wait and monitor the child &apos;s psychological and physical development before undertaking surgery , if at all .
new york city psychiatrist dr. jack drescher , who specializes in issues of gender identification , said the new german law &quot; sounds like a good thing . &quot;
intersex children pose ethical dilemma .
&quot; some people have life-endangering conditions that require surgery , but most kids do not , &quot; he said .
you can make a gender assignment without surgery , and then see how identity develops .
the science of knowing how a child will develop any gender identity is not very accurate .
nobody can answer the questions about why this happens .
it &apos;s like the mystery of why people are gay .
a report filed to the european commission in 2011 described intersex people as different from transsexual or transgender people , as their status is not gender related but instead relates to their biological makeup , which is neither exclusively male nor exclusively female , but is typical of both at once or not clearly defined as either .
these features can manifest themselves in secondary sexual characteristics , such as muscle mass , hair distribution , breasts and stature ; primary sexual characteristics such as reproductive organs and genitalia ; or in chromosomal structures and hormones .
the report also gives an overview of the discrimination faced by intersex and transgender people in the realm of employment , as well as levels of harassment , violence and bias crimes .
gender nonconforming boys now have special camp .
already , australia and nepal allow adults to mark male , female or a &quot; third gender &quot; on their official documents .
in june , a 52-year-old australian , norrie may-welby , became the world &apos;s first recognized &quot; genderless &quot; person after winning a legal appeal to keep an &quot; unspecified &quot; gender status for life .
german passports will have a third designation other than m or f -- x , for intersex , according to the interior ministry .
in neighboring france , gender issues are still controversial , according to a news report on france 24 .
in 2011 , dozens of french lawmakers from that strongly catholic country signed a petition for &quot; gender theory &quot; to be withdrawn from school textbooks .
the u.s. website catholic online has also opposed the german law , writing that &quot; as the world is being dragged into a new state , where gender is a choice , but sexual activity is not , we reverse two more pillars of civilization . &quot;
one maryland mother of a newborn also told the baby zone that she would rather see babies assigned gender at birth .
&quot; parenting is stressful enough without extra limitations , especially if you don &apos;t know the gender of your child , &quot; she told the parenting website .
children need stability and certainty .
historically , children born with both male and female genitalia were called hermaphrodites , named for the handsome greek god who had dual sexuality .
and as little as a decade ago , the medical community thought of gender as a slate that could be erased and then redrawn .
but now , many are challenging the ethical basis of surgery , knowing that gender identity is complex , and doctors can sometimes get it wrong , not knowing how a child will feel about their gender assignment when they grow up .
&quot; back in the middle of the 20th century , it was called a &apos; psychiatric emergency , &apos; &quot; said drescher .
when these kids were born , you didn &apos;t call the psychiatrist , you called a surgeon .
the prevailing theory on how to treat children with ambiguous genitalia was put forward by dr. john money at johns hopkins university , who held that gender was malleable .
he coined the term &quot; gender identity &quot; and argued that social and environmental cues -- how parents raised a child -- interacted with a child &apos;s genes and hormones to shape whether the person identified as male or female .
but in one 1966 case , known as &quot; john / joan , &quot; his theories became controversial .
he advised the parents of a boy whose penis had been severed in a botched circumcision to have the child fully castrated , removing his testicles , as well , and to raise him as a girl .
&quot; money presented the case as a successful case of transition , but it was not , &quot; said drescher .
when the boy was around 15 , he transitioned back to a boy and married a woman .
but at 38 , he committed suicide .
drescher said that now some doctors are still &quot; practicing that model . &quot;
but in the 1990s , with the advent of the internet , survivors of these gender surgeries have come forward &quot; not happy with the outcome . &quot;
such was the case with jim bruce , a 36-year-old writer from montana , who was born with xy male chromosomes but ambiguous genitals .
doctors couldn &apos;t be sure if he had a large clitoris or a small penis and were convinced he could never live a &quot; satisfactory life &quot; as a man .
so shortly after his birth in 1976 , bruce &apos;s external organ and testes were surgically removed and he was raised as a girl .
he was given female hormones at age 12 .
&quot; i knew that i wasn &apos;t a girl , &quot; he told abcnews.com.
i was unhappy , but it was really difficult to ask questions .
at 18 , he was set for a vaginoplasty .
but depressed and knowing something was wrong , he demanded medical records .
what he found out was horrifying .
i was sterilized at birth -- and no one ever told me .
bruce was born with a dsd that prevented his body from producing enough testosterone to properly develop his genitals .
after learning the truth , he changed back to a man , taking testosterone shots and having his breasts removed .
surgery rendered him infertile .
today , he advocates for others in an organization called the interface project , trying to normalize perceptions of those who are intersex .
but anne tamar-mattis , executive director for california-based legal group advocates for informed choice , worries that the german law &quot; invites labeling and stigma . &quot;
&quot; a lot of activists are concerned that what the german rule will do is encourage parents to make quick decisions and give the child an &apos; undetermined , &apos; &quot; she said .
we are afraid it will encourage intervention .
we think a better process is assigning male or female sex , then waiting .
but we haven &apos;t seen how the law will play out , so all we can do is speculate .
tamar-mattis said that her organization supports the australian law because &quot; it allows adults to choose to be recognized in a third gender . &quot;
&quot; adults should be able to make their own decisions about legal gender , &quot; she said .
german law is about assigning it at birth .
that is not a battle young children should have to take up at this point .
when they are grown , they can make decisions about their own bodies .
but dr. arlene baratz , a pittsburgh breast radiologist who has a daughter with a disorder of sexual development and helps hundreds of others in a support group , said the german law will &quot; empower &quot; both parents and children .
baratz &apos;s daughter katie was born with male chromosomes , but has a dsd called complete androgen insensitivity syndrome .
because her androgen receptors are faulty , katie developed female characteristics .
she has a vagina , but no uterus or ovaries .
now at 29 , katie is married and at the university of pennsylvania , a resident in child psychiatry .
though she is infertile , she hopes to become a parent through adoption or gestational surrogacy .
&quot; the law gives parents some space not to have to rush into making decisions themselves , &quot; said baratz .
it gives them the time to do some tests and figure it out and a period of time before they write &apos; male &apos; or &apos; female . &apos; 
this way , you are ok -- raise the child , love the child .
you have a wonderful baby and enjoy the fun .
we don &apos;t have to rush into surgery that is irreversible .
&quot; it brings the children into the decision and takes away the anxiety that motivates parents because they don &apos;t feel they are doing the right thing , &quot; she said .
ultimately , the child will decide which sex he or she feels more comfortable with -- and that &apos;s a wonderful thing .
it empowers children to make the decision for themselves .
unknown attackers injure girl with shots fired from car
unknown attackers have injured a twelve-year-old girl in saxony-anhalt when firing shots from a car .
the assailants fired on a group of children on thursday evening in genthin , presumably with an air gun .
this was announced by the police in burg .
the girl suffered minor injury to her left calf .
rescue workers took the girl to the hospital .
the shots came from a small car , which drove past a group of six children and suddenly stopped .
witnesses saw two people sitting in the car .
the assailants also fired shots at a bus stop .
a pane of glass was shattered .
they then drove away .
the criminal investigation department is investigating the matter , it was stated on friday .
thus far , the kempten police department can look back on a calm halloween night .
the authorities were only called out twice to deal with children throwing eggs against houses .
because the home owners realised this immediately , the egg remnants could be cleaned off at once , meaning that no material damage occurred .
furthermore , in the town centre area , while a few fireworks were set off , no material damage was caused here either .
the residents of the bischof-freundorfer-weg reported that a car was wrapped in toilet paper and its wheel trims stolen .
however , the man found all his wheel trims nearby prior to the police arriving , on account of which no further police involvement was required .
living with a future-oriented perspective
if truth be told , waltraud ries , lives a dreamy life .
her house is located in a peaceful neighbourhood in stuttgart , with plenty of greenery , an old tree population , nice neighbours and not too much traffic .
she is only a few minutes from the city centre using public transport .
&quot; hopefully you aren &apos;t afraid of spiders ? &quot; asks waltraud ries , pointing out a large spider on the door frame .
i have been looking for a new home for my husband and myself for some time now .
but you know how difficult that is in stuttgart .
however , the reason for the desire to move is not arachnophobia , but rather the fear of not being able to manage the large number of steps up to their house , and inside their home in their old age , she explained .
furthermore : since undergoing a meniscus operation , the lady , in her mid-fifties , has had to experience for herself what it means to move from floor to floor with a disability .
only recently , she released a book on the subject of &quot; living happily in old age - which type of property is the best for me ? &quot; .
&quot; our home is the best example of a property that simply doesn &apos;t work in old age , &quot; she begins to recount .
when she moved to the maisonette with her husband 20 years ago , it was simply just a pretty apartment in green surroundings .
now , in her mid-fifties , waltraud ries has different thoughts about it .
however , she is aware that she is one of the few people to actually deal with the topic of &apos; living in old age &apos; .
the majority of people put it to the back of their minds for as long as possible .
only other people get old , she says , smirking .
only when the psychological strain becomes severe do people give it consideration .
&quot; but at this stage it can be too late , &quot; said ries .
in her book , the interior decorator presents 17 housing models for independent living in old age .
&quot; however , which type of residence you choose is always a personal decision , &quot; she explains .
there is no solution to overcoming old age .
even if you can afford to spend your retirement in tuscany or brittany , you should always take the fact that you may become ill into consideration .
and : &apos; without a sound knowledge of the local language , you can even become lonely when living the dolce vita , &apos; added the author , providing food for thought for those seeking to move abroad .
her models include classic care models , alternative living arrangements and the often-mentioned pensioners &apos; living community .
in old age everyone has their quirks and ticks .
&apos;however , this type of residential community would not be for me , &apos; she commented with a wink .
definitely nothing like student accommodation with a shared bathroom and kitchen .
&apos;in old age you simply need your own space to withdraw to , &apos; said ries .
however , the author does not wish to rule out the possibility that a pensioners &apos; residential community can work .
however , it must operate differently to the classic student digs .
and sometimes you also just want your peace and quiet , &apos; she believes .
with this opinion she is at least not alone in the state capital .
the experience of theresa rütten , head of the citizen &apos;s life in old age service in the state capital , is also that &apos; the majority of old people in stuttgart want to remain in their own homes for as long as possible &apos; .
her agency agency advises people on the topic of &apos; growing old &apos; .
therefore the experience of the stiftung warentest consumer study is also that elderly people in particular would accept inconveniences and limitations just to be able to remain in their usual environment .
nowadays there are many possibilities for designing the house or apartment in such a way as to be barrier-free .
ries recommends that all those working on the age-appropriate renovation of their house or apartment first seek out in-depth information and don &apos;t simply use the first tradesman that comes along .
nowadays there are specialists in renovation to suit the needs of the elderly .
even in the case of rental apartments some landlords can have this work carried out , even if it is just a matter of raising the level of the toilet seat , clarified the interior designer .
however , it is not always the case that your existing apartment can be made age-appropriate and therefore barrier-free , even if it is as beautiful as ever .
waltraud ries had to go through this experience herself .
you could of course install a stair lift inside the apartment , but the cobbled path up to the door of the apartment , featuring a number of steps would be a much greater hindrance .
she will keep looking until she has found the ideal property for herself and her husband .
she is more afraid of the move than of the spider on her front door .
the usa still want to prosecute snowden
the usa have not changed their position regarding the former us secret service employee edward snowden .
he is still accused of passing on secret information without authorisation .
he must therefore face criminal proceedings in the usa , said the spokesperson for the us foreign office , jennifer psaki , in washington .
even the most recent statements from snowden will not change this fact .
following a recent meeting with snowden in moscow , german green party politician hans-christian ströbele appealed to the usa not to continue to threaten him with prosecution .
psaki emphasised that ströbele &apos;s comments were the views of a parliamentarian , and not those of a german government member .
secret service whistleblower , edward snowden is , in principle , willing to hold a discussion with the german authorities .
however , he first wishes for his situation to be clarified .
this was made clear by the former nsa employee , currently sought by the usa , in an open letter that green party politician hans-christian ströbele made public on friday following a meeting with snowden , and passed on to the federal government , the federal parliament and the federal public prosecutor general .
the letter was purported to have been worded as follows :
to whom it may concern ,
i have been invited to write to you regarding your investigation of mass surveillance .
i am edward joseph snowden , formerly employed through contracts or direct hire as a technical expert for the united states national security agency , and defense intelligence agency .
in the course of my service to these organizations , i believe i witnessed systemic violations of law by my government that created a moral duty to act .
as a result of reporting these concerns , i have faced a severe and sustained campaign of persecution that forced me from my family and home .
i am currently living in exile under a grant of temporary asylum in the russian federation in accordance with international law .
i am heartened by the response to my act of political expression , in both the united states and beyond .
citizens around the world as well as high officials - including in the united states - have judged the revelation of an unaccountable system of pervasive surveillance to be a public service .
these spying revelations have resulted in the proposal of many new laws and policies to address formerly concealed abuses of the public trust .
the benefits to society of this growing knowledge are becoming increasingly clear at the same time that claimed risks are being shown to have been mitigated .
though the outcome of my efforts has been demonstrably positive , my government continues to treat dissent as defection , and seeks to criminalize political speech with felony charges that provide no defence .
however , speaking the truth is not a crime .
i am confident that with the support of the international community , the government of the united states will abandon this harmful behaviour .
i hope that when the difficulties of this humanitarian situation have been resolved , i will be able to cooperate in the responsible finding of facts regarding reports in the media , particularly with regard to the truth and authenticity of documents , as appropriate and in accordance with the law .
i look forward to speaking with you in your country when the situation is resolved , and thank you for your efforts in upholding the international laws that protect us all .
edward snowden , as witnessed by hans-christian ströbele
a kindergarten has found a private buyer
&quot; the building is in good hands , &quot; said winterlingen &apos;s mayor michael maier .
the local authorities have sold the former kindergarten on gartenstraße to a private buyer .
the town council consented to the sale in its most recent meeting , during the part of the meeting that was not open to the public .
the building changed hands for an &quot; appropriate &quot; price .
&quot; the local authorities are satisfied , &quot; emphasised maier .
eur 100,000 have been added to the local budget .
it is not yet clear how the new owner will use the former kindergarten .
the mayor considers it the right decision that winterlingen has handed over responsibility for the building to someone else before the winter , and thus will no longer have to pay for the upkeep of the building , such as heating it , tending to the garden and clearing the pavement .
&quot; this expense has now been offloaded , &quot; maier was glad to say .
open-air concert accompanied by high summer temperatures .
the hammereisenbach music society gave an open-air concert on the terrace of the hammer guest house .
when conductor , bianca willmann , raised the baton at 7 : 30 p.m. , the thermometer was still reading 25 degrees .
around 50 listeners enjoyed the sounds of the hammrich musicians .
chairperson , manuela honeck , provided explanation to accompany the pieces .
in so doing , honeck thanked all those who had helped successfully manage the first musikerhock .
report : obama campaign considered dumping biden for hillary clinton
president barack obama &apos;s closest advisers secretly considered replacing vice president joe biden with hillary clinton on the 2012 ticket , according to the new york times .
the revelation is the most notable bombshell from mark halperin and john heilemann &apos;s heavily anticipated 2012 campaign tome , &quot; double down : game change 2012 . &quot;
the times obtained a copy of the forthcoming book and reported thursday evening that the president &apos;s top aides conducted &quot; extensive group-sessions and polling in late 2011 &quot; to gauge whether the dumping biden could help bolster obama &apos;s waning re-election hopes .
according to the times &apos; national political correspondent jonathan martin , the book provides a thorough account of the effort by senior officials inside the campaign and the white house , namely former white house chief of staff bill daley , to measure what effect swapping former secretary of state clinton for the vice president would have in the polls .
the potential switch was a closely guarded secret within the chicago campaign infrastructure and inside the oval office .
only half a dozen of the president &apos;s closest advisers -- including daley , former obama campaign chief jim messina , and former white house senior advisers david axelrod and david plouffe -- knew the change was under consideration .
&quot; double down &quot; claims daley spearheaded the effort to replace biden , despite their &quot; close personal rapport , &quot; before ultimately deciding against the move when their data showed adding clinton to the ticket wouldn &apos;t &quot; materially improve obama &apos;s odds . &quot;
in an interview with martin , daley confirmed that the administration did in fact consider replacing biden with clinton .
&quot; i was vocal about looking into a whole bunch of things , and this was one of them , &quot; daley told the paper .
you have to remember , at that point the president was in awful shape , so we were like , &quot; holy christ , what do we do ? &quot;
while daley characterized the research as &quot; due diligence , &quot; martin told cnn &apos;s anderson cooper that the re-election campaign made a significant investment in finding out whether the move would pay dividends at the polls .
&quot; campaigns don &apos;t spend the kind of money on polling and focus groups unless they &apos;re seriously considering something , &quot; martin said on ac360 .
it &apos;s unclear , however , whether obama knew his team was exploring the swap .
martin told cnn that he asked daley whether his then-boss knew about the potential shuffle .
while daley said he doesn &apos;t think the president &quot; was aware &quot; of the potential change , the former chief of staff admitted that it &apos;s &quot; possible &quot; obama knew .
martin added that &quot; double down &quot; does not definitively answer whether the political probing reached obama &apos;s desk .
cooper asked martin whether he seriously thought obama did not know about the research into dumping biden from the ticket .
&quot; possibly , &quot; martin replied .
what happens with my e-mail when in transit ?
e-mail is short for electronic mail .
are there technical measures to maintain privacy of correspondence , similar to that of the traditional postal service , implemented into the design of this internet-based service ?
when designing the early internet services , the focus lay on making communication possible .
thus , when developing the underlying technical protocols , no attention was given to creating a stable foundation for the interception-proof exchange of mail .
for this reason , a traditional email is more like an open postcard than a sealed letter .
when user &quot; anna &quot; sends an email to &quot; benni &quot; , are the pair &apos;s computers then directly connected ?
anna &apos;s email program or browser first sends the mail to her service provider &apos;s mail server .
if she has a gmail account , for example , this would be google .
this mail server sends the content to the provider that benni uses .
en route , the mail can pass through any number of other servers on the internet .
benni can then call up the content from his provider .
are traditional e-mails read by third parties on their journey through the net ?
the majority of e-mails are read several times by software robots en route to the recipient .
checks are generally carried out by the sender &apos;s provider as to whether the mail contains malware as an attachment .
a virus check is also carried out on the recipient systems .
in addition , the providers check whether it is nuisance or unwanted spam mail , which are deleted immediately or at least sorted into a spam folder .
do the robots have other tasks ?
in the case of systems such as gmail , the robots also identify the information that google requires for displaying context-based advertising .
if anna and benni communicate about their upcoming holiday travels via gmail , google can display corresponding links to holiday offers .
do unknown individuals also read the e-mails ?
the probability of unauthorised persons reading a mail is extremely low .
however , theoretically , it is possible .
within companies , administrators are often able to read electronic mail that is sent .
law enforcement authorities and secret services also have legal authorisation to intercept or take note of e-mails .
this may include potential illegal spying activities .
is it possible to protect e-mails against being read ?
with an encryption using the openpgp standard , an e-mail can be effectively protected against being read .
with great technical effort , it is also possible to conceal the metadata of email communication so that it is not even possible to tell who is communicating with whom .
how important are yahoo and google within the e-mail market in germany ?
according to a study conducted by convios consulting in august 2013 , among the main mail services in private use , yahoo and google play only a minor role .
while the number of yahoo mail accounts has fallen recently , google &apos;s gmail managed to grow considerably .
mother buried in shallow forest grave and pension stolen
when his elderly mother died , a man from wolfsburg devised a plan .
he buried the deceased in a forest - and continued to collect her pension and care allowance .
according to police investigations , a 67-year-old wolfsburg resident buried his dead mother in the woods in order that he might continue to collect her pension and care allowance .
he first covered up the death of the 89-year-old and then pocketed the money for more than a year and a half .
the 67-year-old must now face charges of fraud , said a spokesperson on friday .
according to the statement , the man hid the woman in a forest near helmstedt .
the man was already under suspicion back in may : at that time the fact that medications for his care-reliant mother were no longer required drew suspicion .
the pensioner told investigators that his mother had travelled to spain .
the officials found this strange and so continued to investigate .
it was discovered that the mother and son had lived in the same residence for more than 15 years and that he had cared for her in her final days .
the 67-year-old finally acknowledged the death of his mother .
according to police , an autopsy showed no evidence of any capital offence .
fancy a glow-in-the-dark ice cream ?
a british entrepreneur has created the world &apos;s first glow-in-the-dark ice cream - using jellyfish .
charlie francis has harnessed the fluorescent properties of the marine animal to develop the luminescent snack .
he came up with the idea after reading a research paper on jellyfish and convinced scientists in china to chemically recreate the glowing protein .
the ice cream reacts with the eater &apos;s tongue - raising the ph level in the protein and making it glow .
chris says because the ice cream lights up when it reacts with the heat of the mouth it means the more you lick , the brighter it becomes .
charlie , founder of the &quot; lick me i &apos;m delicious &quot; ice cream company , said : &quot; it is incredible stuff but still at very early days in terms of production , so £ 200 gets you about 2g of the stuff . &quot;
the protein we are using in the ice cream reacts with your tongue at neutral ph .
so as your mouth warms up the protein it will raise the ph level and the ice cream will glow .
we have been testing it out over the past few months and it seemed perfect to share it over halloween because it gives that wonderful glow effect .
it is probably the most expensive ice cream i have made because the jellyfish luminescence is four times more expensive than gold .
so each scoop costs me around £ 140 .
it tastes pretty good though .
charlie &apos;s experimental company , based in bristol , is famed for its unusual flavours including beer , cheese , beef and gold leaf .
but his next creation is set to be even more ambitious .
he said : &quot; i really want to develop an invisible ice cream . &quot;
it is inherently impossible because of the refraction caused by the ice crystals which make up the ice cream , but i reckon we will find a way of doing it .
the ice cream harnesses the fluorescent properties of a jellyfish , synthesized by chinese scientists
after six match days , tsv morsum are yet to score a single point in the handball association league .
and of all possible times , ingo ehler &apos;s team has a derby match against tsv daverden tomorrow , which celebrated their first victory last week .
the season begins afresh for us with this match .
&quot; i hope that we finally have our heads clear , &quot; commented ehlers , remaining cautiously optimistic .
for this match he finally has his complete squad available , with the exception of hendrick blohme who is out with long-term injury .
like us , daverden place emphasis on high tempo play .
for this reason , we must keep our errors to a minimum .
however , the top priority is to improve our cover play , which has recently left much to be desired .
daverden &apos;s coach thomas panitz comes across as much more relaxed following his team &apos;s first victory of the season against nordhorn .
the match was of course a indication of what we are capable of .
however , it by no means makes us favourites , as anything can happen in the derby .
nonetheless , panitz is now looking to come up with the goods in morsum and thus start a winning streak .
jan-malte jodat will not be playing .
thus , a-youth player joost windßuß , who plays an active part for a-youth league team hc bremen , will be celebrating his season début .
anyone who is not fired up for a game like this should stay at home .
halloween 2013 : by the numbers
when i was little , halloween was magical .
my sister and i were allowed to eat candy , stay up late and play dress-up for the neighborhood .
nowadays , i &apos;ve become more of a scrooge .
i haven &apos;t signed up for the past two years to give out candy in my apartment and probably won &apos;t this year .
but stats show that i &apos;m a black sheep when it comes to halloween .
the majority of americans - 158 million of them in fact - will be celebrating halloween this year , spending a total of $ 6.9 billion on candy , costumes and decorations , according to the national retail federation .
one thing i do look forward to every halloween are the trends .
costumes are expected to account for $ 1.2 billion dollars out of the $ 6.9 billion spent , according to the nrf .
this year , sexy inanimate objects are all the rage .
women don &apos;t have to be sexy professionals anymore ; they can also be sexy foods like pizza , hamburgers and carrots .
as for men , i expect we will be seeing a lot of zombies , thanks to the walking dead and i &apos;ll bet the daft punk space men will make it into our instagram feeds this year .
according to google , the highest searched costumes are zombies , batman , pirates and witches .
i guess there &apos;s nothing wrong with going traditional .
we dressed our dogs up last year and to my amazement we were not alone .
in fact , americans will spend $ 330 million on pet costumes this year , according to the nrf .
that &apos;s a lot of ironic hotdog dogs .
when it comes to candy , we don &apos;t screw around .
americans will spend $ 1.9 billion on it this year , according to the nielsen company .
that &apos;s around 600 million pounds worth of hershey bars , lollipops , milk duds , twizzlers and clark bars .
that &apos;s great news for the 41 million trick-or-treaters set to take over our neighborhoods , according to the u.s. commerce department .
in fact , we will buy and , who are we kidding , consume 90 million pounds of chocolate during halloween .
the one thing we don &apos;t want to consume , candy corn ; and yet nearly 35 million pounds of it are sold around halloween , according to the national confectioners association .
that &apos;s about 9 billion individual kernels of corn .
it &apos;s a mystery i have yet to solve .
nothing is more quintessentially halloween than haunted houses .
they have the best names , like &quot; terror behind the walls &quot; ( which , by the way is in an actual prison ) , &quot; howl-o-scream &quot; and &quot; the house of shock . &quot;
in fact , there are 1,200 officially sanctioned haunted houses in the united states generating about $ 500 million in revenue , according to america haunts , and that includes those awesome photos of you mid-peeing your pants that your friend puts on facebook and you can &apos;t take down and then that guy you like sees the photo and leaves a comment like &quot; nice face . &quot;
finally , let &apos;s talk pumpkins .
charlie brown introduced us to the great pumpkin when we were kids , and carving a jack-o-lantern is like decorating a christmas tree - it &apos;s something we &apos;ve done since we were little .
lucky for us , the &quot; baby in a pumpkin trend &quot; started only last year thanks to pinterest , so most of us grew up carving these gourds not sitting in them .
this year , americans will spend around $ 106 million on pumpkins , according to the u.s. census bureau .
the jack-o-lantern slowly withering on your front porch probably came from illinois , which grew 542 million pounds of pumpkin this year .
if you &apos;re looking for extra credit , call tim and susan mathisdon in napa , calif . , and try to carve up their 2,032 pound pumpkin .
house fire in helmbrechts : rescue services retrieve charred body
the fire service were called out to helmbrechts late on thursday evening .
a three-bedroom house in the district of hof catches fire during the night .
rescue workers retrieve a charred body from the house .
during a fire in helmbrechts , rescue services found a charred body in a three-bedroom house .
whether this person was living in the house is as yet unclear , said a police spokesperson in bayreuth .
late on thursday evening , fire broke out on the ground floor of the house .
when the fire service arrived , the flames were already bursting out of a window .
rescue workers entered the premises and found the body in a bedroom .
this and another bedroom were completely burnt out .
the entire ground floor suffered damage .
there were no other residents at home during the fire , continued the police spokesperson .
for the time being , the house is no longer habitable .
the precise cause of the fire was initially unclear .
germany &apos;s largest national church has launched a campaign advertising the minister &apos;s position .
this comes at the same time as a possible shortage of ministers : the protestant lutheran regional church of hanover calculates that , as things stand , the current number of around 1,800 pastors will be halved by 2030 .
for the young people of today , the career is very attractive and offers good future prospects , said pastor mathis burfien ( 43 ) in a conversation with the protestant press service .
it is attractive to be able to determine your own daily working routine .
with burfien , the regional church has for first time commissioned a minister to work full time , endeavouring to inspire young people to study theology .
at present , fewer and fewer young people are deciding to study theology after their abitur examinations ( equivalent to a levels ) .
burfien puts this down to the process of secularisation : &quot; god &apos;s voice is quiet , the world is loud &quot; .
the job is characterised by great freedom and variety .
i am the master of my own schedule and can therefore turn my focus to what is important to me .
as pastoral workers , ministers can be close to people .
they earn as much as teachers and can make a good living .
of course wages are higher within the private sector , but on the other hand , theologians have a secure employer .
this would suit the young people of today , as it is not just about your career , but about having a meaningful job as well .
according to information from the regional church , which covers three quarters of lower saxony , around 60 pastors retire every year .
at the same time , around 40 theology graduates begin as vicars .
in future it may be difficult to fill positions in sparsely populated outlying areas such as harz , emsland or wendland .
among other initiatives , burfien wants to organise study days for young people , inviting famous faces who have studied theology .
theology courses offer broad training .
you can even become federal president with a theology degree .
land rover rally series announced
the interior has racing seats and six-point harness belts , as well as an intercom system .
options include upgraded brakes , a service package providing access to bowler works mechanics , logistic support , and vehicle storage between events .
drew bowler , the managing director of bowler motorsport , said : &quot; rally customers coming to bowler have changed . &quot;
they &apos;re not all experienced racers , but people looking for excitement and adventure , and an achievable path towards world-class events .
we &apos;re delighted to be offering this path in partnership with land rover and the msa , and believe the format offers a new way to experience different rally disciplines in the uk and overseas , and prepare entrants for the rigours and realities of rally raid .
we &apos;ve really enjoyed developing the defender challenge car - it &apos;ll be a really fun championship .
additionally , the defender challenge will provide a training and test day in february , as well as the option to compete in desert events in north africa and the middle east .
fire crews called to rescue lost puppy after she got stuck 50ft above the ground on precarious ledge in a quarry
cocker spaniel ruby had run off after she was in a minor road crash
she was spotted three days later by a dog walker trapped in the quarry
firefighters abseil down cliff face to pluck the dog from certain death
a puppy had a lucky escape after fire crews were called to lift her to safety when she somehow got herself stuck 50ft up on a precarious cliff ledge .
nine month-old cocker spaniel ruby had run off after being involved in a road crash on sunday afternoon and survived three days alone before being rescued from a quarry on wednesday .
her owners scott alderson , 25 , and his girlfriend becky hall , 20 , were at flappit quarry in denholme , west yorkshire , to be reunited with ruby and have thanked west yorkshire fire and rescue service .
they had searched frantically for their missing dog and posted appeals on social networking sites after she had ran into the quarry following the minor accident .
at around 2.15pm on wednesday , an eagle-eyed dog walker spotted ruby on the ledge in the quarry , stranded 50ft up .
a technical rescue team from cleckheaton fire station rushed to the scene and abseiled down to rescue ruby and used a pet tube to transport her up the cliff .
specialist technical rescue officer andy clayton said : &apos; she was in a precarious situation .
she was right in the middle of the cliff face - 50ft from the top and bottom .
she did not move a muscle during the rescue - she was frozen solid .
but she is fine now .
she was eating biscuits afterwards .
this was a very unusual call-out .
the fact that the dog was spotted is unbelievable .
specialist technical rescue officer peter lau said : &quot; ruby had a very lucky escape . &quot;
the potential was there that she could have been very seriously injured or worse .
ruby was taken to the vets for a check-up and was found to be fine other than exhaustion and dehydration .
miss hall , from halifax , west yorkshire , said : &quot; watching the rescue was terrifying . &quot;
i could not believe that she was up there in the first place .
it was amazing to get her back in our arms .
the vet said that if she became too exhausted and collapsed she would probably have fallen .
the firefighters were amazing .
it was really daring what they did .
we are just so grateful and every single one of them was absolutely tremendous .
mr alderson , from keighley , added : &quot; we were scared that she might fall but she stayed there . &quot;
the firefighters were brilliant .
i just can &apos;t believe where she was .
mick jagger says he never hit on katy perry when she was 18 .
during an interview with an australian radio show this week , the pop star said she sang backing vocals for jagger &apos;s 2004 song &quot; old habits die hard . &quot;
perry said she had dinner with the veteran rocker and that &quot; he hit on me when i was 18 . &quot;
she added , &quot; that was a long time ago , and he &apos;s been very kind . &quot;
in a statement thursday , a representative for jagger , 70 , says he &quot; categorically denies that he has ever made a pass at katy perry . &quot;
the rep adds : &quot; perhaps she is confusing him with someone else . &quot;
perry was one of the singers to make a guest appearance on the rolling stones &apos; tour this year .
her new album , &quot; prism , &quot; debuted at no. 1 this week .
george kerevan : europe break-up gives scots choice
another day , another independence scare story .
this time we are warned that an independent scotland would be required to join the europe-wide free-travel zone as a condition of eu membership .
cue stories about passport controls at berwick and a barbed wire border along hadrian &apos;s wall .
true , the strathclyde paper pointed out the possible economic benefits of freer movement with the rest of europe , though - predictably - that did not figure in the headlines .
nor did anyone point out that the eu member states spend much of their time bending their formal rules if it suits them .
since scotland isn &apos;t in the schengen area now , continued non-compliance would be a cheap concession for brussels to offer up in return for whatever it really wanted out of the scots .
so , a non-story , then .
and one that is so long in the tooth it has become fossilised : i first heard the &quot; independence means passport controls &quot; canard at least 40 years ago .
yet there is an interesting point lost in this retelling of a whiskery old tale .
why should an independent scotland be expected to do europe &apos;s bidding , anyway ?
why trade london &apos;s yoke for that of brussels , especially now ?
here is the real european news : the great , post-war plan to unite europe has finally stalled .
with the euro crisis , project europe is officially dead .
across the eu , parties which are dedicated to opposing the eu , or to scrapping the euro as a common currency , are gaining ground .
even in germany , the eurosceptic alternative for germany party - founded only this year - came from nowhere to grab nearly five million votes in september &apos;s federal elections , thus effectively knocking the free democrats ( equivalent to our own lib dems ) out of the bundestag .
there has always been domestic opposition to the plan to create a federal europe .
however , the current economic crisis has proved a watershed .
the austerity imposed by berlin and the european central bank , coupled with the straitjacket imposed on national economies through adherence to the common currency , has led many people to think project europe has gone too far .
the crisis of the euro has little to do with national governments running excessive budget deficits - that was true only of greece .
rather , the euro system locked in its members at exchange rates favourable to german exporters - something german politicians want to keep .
without the possibility of domestic currency devaluation , southern europe finds itself with a built-in productivity disadvantage vis-à-vis germany .
the only recourse is to slash wages and public spending - spurred on by berlin .
beyond the current budget and currency problems lies a deeper european productivity malaise .
as a result of &quot; green &quot; energy policies imposed by brussels - code for subsidising french and german energy firms at the consumer &apos;s expense - european industry pays twice as much for electricity , and four times as much for gas , as in the united states .
that is a crippling cost disadvantage , as we &apos;ve already seen at grangemouth .
all the wage freezes in the world won &apos;t stop the european petrochemicals industry being hammered by cheap us shale gas .
as a result , revolt is brewing , especially in france , once the eu &apos;s main cheerleader .
after the war , the french political elite saw the eu as a vehicle to keep germany in check , and to give paris equal billing in the world with washington .
but berlin no longer needs paris as a passport to political legitimacy and has imposed its own economic policy on europe , leaving the battered french economy struggling .
result : marine le pen &apos;s right-wing , anti-eu national front has just won a crucial by-election , knocking the ruling socialists into third place .
the front is now the most popular party in france with 24 per cent of the vote - a timely warning to british labour that they can &apos;t assume a split on the right will automatically favour the left .
what is le pen doing with her newfound popularity among the french white , working class ?
she wants to use next year &apos;s eu elections to create an anti-eu , anti-common currency bloc across the european parliament .
if , as is very possible , anti-eu parties do well in these elections , such a bloc could dominate the european parliament for the first time .
here &apos;s my point : sometime soon growing anti-eu and anti-common currency feeling in europe will coalesce to kill the euro .
the eu won &apos;t disappear , but it will revert to something more like the loose &quot; europe of the ( sovereign ) nations &quot; favoured by general de gaulle .
germany and a few of its satellite economies might keep the euro but france and southern europe will revive their own currencies .
i expect the uk will distance itself from this project , hoping to cosy up to the us .
however , washington &apos;s growing interest in the pacific suggests britain will be left out in the atlantic cold .
where does this leave scotland ?
we can choose to be a region of ( essentially ) little england .
or we can defend our own economic interests - which includes telling berlin and brussels where to get off .
i suspect that scotland could do well inside a looser european arrangement provided we kept our own currency .
co-operation with other like-minded countries will be easier in a non-federal europe of the nations .
otherwise we should consider emulating norway and retaining our economic independence .
the snp government in scotland is - remarkably-- the most successful anti-austerity political movement in europe , having won a spectacular majority in 2011 on the basis of opposing the cuts proposed ( and implemented ) by labour &apos;s chancellor alistair darling and the subsequent tory-lib dem coalition .
it would be ridiculous now for scotland to vote for independence only to accept austerity imposed by berlin and brussels .
early puberty : growing older sooner
african-american and hispanic girls tend to reach puberty earlier than their white counterparts , research shows .
physical changes don &apos;t mean puberty is imminent
there &apos;s no evidence that hormones or other chemicals are to blame
experts think the obesity epidemic might be one trigger of early puberty
the trend toward early puberty is not as pronounced with boys
former cnn correspondent pat etheridge is a journalist specializing in children &apos;s health and family issues .
should a mother be alarmed if her daughter begins to sprout breast buds and pubic hair at 7 or 8 ?
at the annual conference of the american academy of pediatrics this week in orlando , florida , pediatric endocrinologist dr. paul kaplowitz explained that these early physical changes are quite common among american girls and represent a new norm .
&quot; i spend a lot of time reassuring parents -- usually , this does not signal a rapid progression into full puberty , &quot; said kaplowitz .
obvious signs of development , such as budding breasts , pubic and underarm hair and body odor are appearing sooner in girls .
but there has been only a slight shift in the age of menarche ( the first period ) over the past four decades .
in the united states , the average age is 12.5 years , down from 12.75 in 1970 .
&quot; once breasts begin to develop , it takes at least two to three years before menarche , &quot; said kaplowitz , also author of &quot; early puberty in girls : the essential guide to coping with this common problem . &quot;
time is the most accurate test of how puberty is going to progress .
there is debate about what constitutes the actual onset of puberty , but it is considered &quot; precocious &quot; when breast enlargement is accompanied by a growth spurt before age 8 .
in most cases , the process will slow down or stall -- something a pediatrician can monitor closely .
a more rapid progression may warrant tests by an endocrinologist to rule out serious problems such as tumors or cysts .
there are treatments to delay early menses and ward off another consequence : premature aging of the bones that ultimately can lead to stunted growth and being short as an adult .
recommendations for drug or hormone therapy are based on the child &apos;s age , rate of development , growth rate and emotional maturity .
psychosocial aspects are important , too .
kaplowitz is cautious with medication but acknowledges , &quot; suppressing puberty may alleviate behavioral issues and girls &apos; feelings of being different from peers . &quot;
the other big issue is understandable : parents simply don &apos;t want their very young daughters having periods .
&quot; they worry about the risk of pregnancy or even how they will handle hygiene , &quot; said kaplowitz .
&quot; it was a shock , &quot; recalls one woman whose daughter started her period at 10 .
even though there were signs and we had talked about menstruation , she was not emotionally prepared .
she came home from school scared and upset to be the first among her friends .
there are lots of well-publicized theories about the causes of precocious puberty .
yet , there &apos;s no consistent body of evidence that hormones in milk or other foods , chemicals in the environment or sexual messages in the media are to blame .
boys - like girls - are hitting puberty earlier .
kaplowitz contends the premise that holds the most weight is the epidemic of obesity .
he helped conduct a 2001 study of 6- to 9-year-old girls that links body fat to the timing of puberty .
other findings support this conclusion , but there are many other contributing factors .
in this country , african-american and hispanic girls tend to reach puberty earlier than their white counterparts .
there are varying explanations .
globally , patterns of early puberty appear to be influenced by everything from economic conditions to climate to genes .
another conundrum : although boys are getting facial and pubic hair at younger ages , the trend toward full-blown early puberty is not as pronounced as it is with girls .
other doctors attending the aap conference reinforced the complexities of the topic .
the appearance of acne and pubic hair is common even in infants and toddlers .
&quot; we need to be careful about how we identify the true onset of puberty , &quot; said dr. lawrence silverman , a pediatric endocrinologist at goryeb children &apos;s hospital in morristown , new jersey .
parents should not hesitate to get guidance from their pediatrician about how to talk with their child .
&quot; it may mean having a sooner-than-expected conversation , &quot; kaplowitz advised .
if you remain calm , your child usually will respond well .
girls who blossom early need reassurance that , even when it happens ahead of schedule , the process is a normal part of life .
jet makers feud over seat width with big orders at stake
a row has flared up between leading plane makers over the width of tourist-class seats on long-distance flights , setting the tone for a bitter confrontation at this month &apos;s dubai airshow .
the dispute focuses on the width of seats provided on long-haul flights for economy passengers - not always the ones most courted by airlines , but whose allocated space holds the key to efficiency claims for the latest jets offered by airbus sas and boeing co .
airbus this week called for an industry standard that would provide for a seat at least 18 inches ( 46 cm ) wide in economy cabins , but its u.s. arch-rival boeing says it should be for airlines to decide .
the dispute comes as plane makers vie to sell ever-larger versions of their twin-engined long-distance aircraft , with potentially record orders expected at the november 17-21 event .
how the back of the plane is laid out - particularly whether seating is 9 or 10 abreast - is central to the economic performance claims being made for new &quot; mini-jumbo &quot; jet designs .
boeing says its revamped &quot; 777x &quot; will hold 406 people based on economy seats more than 17 inches wide and set out 10 in each row .
airbus says the competing version of its a350 will carry 350 people in 18-inch-wide economy seat laid out 9 abreast .
plane giants often trade blows on technical matters through advertising in the trade press .
now , airbus is appealing directly to the public ahead of the dubai airshow , where the 777x is expected to dominate with more than 100 orders .
it recently previewed what may be the start of a new ad war by showing financiers a slide illustrating three people squashed together at a restaurant , titled &quot; would you accept this ? &quot;
&quot; boeing is proposing long-distance flying in seats narrower than regional turbo-props , &quot; said airbus sales chief john leahy .
as diets change , people get bigger but plane seating has not radically changed .
between the early 1970s , when the boeing 747 jumbo defined modern long-haul travel , and the turn of the century , the weight of the average american 40- to 49-year-old male increased by 10 per cent , according to u.s. health department data .
the waist of the average 21st-century american male is 39.7 inches , according to u.s. health statistics .
airbus says its rival is sticking to a seat concept from the 1950s , when the average girth of the newly christened &quot; jet set &quot; was narrower .
airbus says it has commissioned research suggesting an extra inch in seat width improves sleep quality by 53 per cent .
boeing disputes airbus &apos;s figures on seat measurements and says it is not up to manufacturers to step into decisions on how airlines balance fares and facilities .
it also says research shows cabin experience depends on more than the width of a seat .
&quot; it really comes down to providing flexibility to airlines and allowing them to do the things that they believe they need to do to be successful , &quot; said boeing cabins expert kent craver .
they don &apos;t want us to dictate to them what makes them profitable .
they know their business better than anyone else .
for flyers it is about more elbow room , but for suppliers it is increasingly an issue that could affect earnings .
behind the dispute is a race for plane orders with at least $ 700-billion of estimated business at list prices in coming decades , enough to tip the scales of u.s. and european exports .
as reuters first reported in july , seat layout is exactly what drives the battle between the latest jets .
both airbus and boeing claim 20 per cent better efficiency per seat in their latest twin-engined long-haul designs than the market leader in that segment , the 365-seat boeing 777-300er .
boeing &apos;s performance claims depend in part on comparing the 10-abreast 777x with an original 9-abreast 777 design .
the gain in unit costs is blunted compared with 10-abreast now in use .
&quot; the reason boeing are doing this is to cram more seats in to make their plane more competitive with our products , &quot; said kevin keniston , head of passenger comfort at europe &apos;s airbus .
on the other hand , analysts say full 10-seat-per-row cabins for existing 777s suggest many passengers are voting for the denser layout , which may go hand in hand with cheaper fares .
&quot; eighteen inches in seat width would be great for passengers , but the reality is that from a business point of the airbus proposal is driven by the threat of the 777 , &quot; said cabin interiors expert mary kirby , founder and editor of the runway girl network .
airbus and boeing do not supply seats but offer a catalogue of suppliers for airlines to choose from .
globe-trotting jet sellers even carry tape measures to check on competing layouts .
while boasting comfort , all builders also offer jets with high-density layouts for low-cost airlines and regional travel .
airbus offers a 10-abreast a350 but says it has not yet sold it .
until recently , airbus was stressing the need for more cabin customization by offering wider aisle seats on some of its jets .
without the support of the only other maker of large modern jets , experts say its call for a new industry standard is unlikely to fly , but could distract from a wave of 777x sales .
new anti-nicotine vaccine could take the pleasure out of smoking
scientists have developed an anti-nicotine vaccine that could take the pleasure out of smoking a cigarette .
a single dose of the vaccine was able to protect mice against nicotine addiction for life .
further tests are needed before starting human trials , which would take several years , but professor ronald crystal of weill cornell medical college in new york said the early signs are good .
&quot; we are very hopeful that this kind of vaccine strategy can finally help the millions of smokers who have tried to stop , exhausting all the methods on the market today , but find their nicotine addiction to be strong enough to overcome these current approaches , &quot; prof cornell said .
the new vaccine contains a harmless virus that has been engineered to carry the genetic information to make anti-nicotine antibodies .
the virus selectively infects liver cells , which then start to make a steady stream of the antibodies .
the antibodies hunt down any nicotine molecules in the bloodstream , neutralising them before they reached the brain , preventing a smoker from getting a nicotine hit .
in tests , vaccinated mice who were subsequently given nicotine continued with their normal activity .
but mice who had not been given the vaccine &quot; chilled out , &quot; say the researchers , a sign that the nicotine had reached their brains .
the experiments are described in the journal science translational medicine .
previous tobacco vaccines failed because they contained antibodies .
the jabs had to be given so frequently to keep antibody levels topped up that they proved expensive and impractical .
but the cost of the new vaccine is likely to be far lower , because it turns liver cells into antibody factories .
prof crystal said that if a future human vaccine was completely safe it could be given to children before they were tempted to try a cigarette , preventing nicotine addiction .
but more likely it would be used by smokers to quit .
&quot; they will know if they start smoking again , they will receive no pleasure from it due to the nicotine vaccine , and that can help them kick the habit , &quot; he said .
british scientists said the results were interesting but warned far more research was needed .
tripodi denies being influenced by obeid
former nsw labor minister joe tripodi will be investigated by the state &apos;s corruption watchdog .
former nsw minister joe tripodi has denied changing maritime leases policy at the request of his political mentor eddie obeid , who had hidden interests in three properties on government-controlled land .
the independent commission against corruption ( icac ) on friday widened its inquiry into whether mr obeid lobbied several state ministers to have leases at circular quay , where the obeids owned two restaurants and a cafe , renewed without going to tender after their expiration in august 2005 .
it &apos;s now investigating allegations mr tripodi knew of mr obeid &apos;s secret interest in the properties , after evidence given by mr tripodi &apos;s former deputy chief of staff , lynne ashpole , on thursday .
during years of discussions starting in 2005 the government had been pushing for the leases to go to public tender .
the lessees were against this and also wanted longer terms .
in 2009 leases for the circular quay enterprises , which earned the obeids about $ 2.5 million annually , were renewed without going to public tender .
mr tripodi , who was ports minister from february 2006 until november 2009 , was initially in favour of public tenders .
but he denied the changes were made at the request of mr obeid , who mr tripodi acknowledged was urging a shift in government lease policy .
a phone transcript tabled in icac showed calls in august and september 2007 between mr obeid , mr tripodi and steve dunn , a senior bureaucrat who had come into the ports ministry after working under mr obeid in the fisheries department .
&quot; was the matter being discussed in the course of these telephone conversations the development of the commercial lease policy , &quot; assistant commissioner anthony whealy asked mr tripodi .
&quot; no , &quot; mr tripodi replied .
i can &apos;t remember what was discussed but it definitely wasn &apos;t that .
definitely not between myself and mr obeid .
israeli warplanes attack target inside syria , official says
israeli warplanes struck a target inside the syrian port city of latakia thursday night , a senior administration official confirms to fox news .
the official did not specify what the target was , but said there was at least one .
the associated press reports the target was russian-made sa-125 missiles .
at least twice earlier this year israel launched airstrikes on shipments of missiles inside syria .
foreign workers on 457 visas could undergo &quot; genuineness &quot; test
a &quot; genuineness &quot; test for foreign workers on 457 visas is being considered by the government as it contemplates expanding a crackdown .
the test , if adopted , would be applied through a criteria aimed at preventing 457s being used to fill unskilled positions or as a back door way to move family and friends to australia .
a government discussion paper was released today as former labor mp maxine mckew slammed the government &apos;s rhetoric about foreign workers , saying it could offend australia &apos;s neighbours .
&quot; loud declarations about &apos; foreigners getting to the back of the queue &apos; and &apos; aussie jobs first &apos; are a very unpleasant throwback to a time when unions demanded a protected labor market , &quot; she told the australia india institute today .
historically , that meant it was white labour that had to be protected - and if some in the region saw echoes of that historic artifact , i wouldn &apos;t be surprised .
the discussion paper outlines 12 measures that were previously considered by former immigration minister chris bowen .
immigration minister brendan o &apos;connor , who was yesterday in sri lanka where he is meeting officials about people smuggling , has implemented five of the recommended changes with the remainder under consideration .
if the &quot; genuineness &quot; criteria was adopted a visa applicant could be scrutinised about &quot; whether the nomination is genuine in circumstances where the nominee is a relation or personal associate of an owner or relevant person of the sponsoring business . &quot;
businesses could also be required to account for the number of 457 visa holders after previously businesses who had intended to sponsor a small number of workers then employed hundreds .
meanwhile , a 35-year-old sri lankan asylum seeker died of a suspected heart attack after arriving on an asylum boat at christmas island this week .
the man &apos;s distraught nine-year-old son travelled to australia with him and has been comforted since the death of his father on wednesday by an adult cousin who was also on the vessel .
australian authorities rushed the man to christmas island hospital , where he died .
a study aiming to increase the benefits to scotland of the hs2 rail project has been announced by the uk government .
the work by hs2 ltd suggests high-speed services to scotland and the north of england will start as soon as phase one opens in 2026 .
transport minister baroness kramer said the project would &quot; bring the uk together . &quot;
scottish transport minister keith brown said he was &quot; excited &quot; to work with the uk government on the plan .
phase one will consist of a new high speed rail line between london and the west midlands .
when phase two is completed , lines will run to manchester and leeds .
in june the government revised the estimated cost of building the high-speed link between london and the north of england from £ 32.7bn to £ 42.6bn.
the uk government , which has been holding talks with transport scotland , has instructed hs2 ltd to look at further rail capacity and journey time improvements for northern england and scotland .
this is to include the possibility of eventual journey times from glasgow and edinburgh to london of three hours or less .
baroness kramer said : &quot; our goal for hs2 is for a truly national network that will bring the uk and its cities closer together . &quot;
we are driving forward hs2 because the benefits it will bring are huge .
without it we face a crisis in capacity on our rail network .
but it is also about connectivity , across the uk 18 cities including glasgow and edinburgh will be better connected because of hs2 .
scottish secretary alistair carmichael added : &quot; today &apos;s announcement is good news for scotland . &quot;
for the scottish government , keith brown called on mr carmichael to &quot; unequivocally &quot; back scotland &apos;s inclusion in the hs2 network .
mr brown said : &quot; high speed rail has the potential to bring huge economic benefits to scotland , but also adds scotland &apos;s economic weight to the overall case for high speed rail across britain . &quot;
so we are excited to work in partnership with the uk government to examine options for bringing high speed rail to scotland , creating benefit for all and complementing the glasgow-edinburgh line which the scottish government is already planning .
i look forward to reviewing the report of the investigation with uk ministers next year and together decide on the next steps .
aircraft electronic device rules to stay in force in australia for now
australian airline passengers will need to continue turning off their tablets and smart phones during take-off and landing despite moves in the us to loosen regulations covering the devices .
the us federal aviation administration has left the way open for american carriers to change their procedures so that passengers will be able to read e-books , watch videos or play games on their devices during critical phases of flight provided they remain in &quot; airplane &quot; mode .
passengers can already do this during the bulk of a flight but many people find it annoying to be unable to access their e-books during take-offs and landings .
australian carriers are looking at the decision , which requires us carriers to undertake a massive amount of work to meet the requirements , but have indicated they have no immediate plans to change their procedures .
the civil aviation safety authority also said it was looking at the announcement but emphasised that restrictions on the use of electronic devices in critical phases of flight were still in place in australia .
&quot; casa currently has no specific regulations governing the use of electronic devices in aircraft , &quot; it said .
the issue is covered by regulations which require aircraft operators to ensure safety is maintained at all times and passengers to comply with the safety instructions given by crew members .
virgin , which has already been talking to casa about extending the use its in-flight wi-fi entertainment system , was amenable to a change but said it would take its lead from the regulator .
&quot; we would welcome a review by casa into allowing the use of electronic devices because we really do think it will improve the customer experience now that we have ( wireless in-flight entertainment ) on our planes , &quot; a spokesman said .
qantas said it would stick with the current rules for now .
&quot; our current policy is that electronic devices cannot be used during take-off and landing and we have no immediate plans to change that , &quot; it said .
the faa ruling applies to american airlines .
however , we are always interested in regulatory developments that could benefit passengers and we will certainly be taking a close look at the faa &apos;s decision and the reasons behind it .
for us carriers , the impact of the ruling will vary from airline to airline and will depend on the age of their fleet .
carriers will need to prove their planes can tolerate radio interference from mobile devices as well as revise manuals , training materials , carry-on baggage programs and passenger briefings .
&quot; once an airline verifies the tolerance of its fleet , it can allow passengers to use handheld , lightweight electronic devices such as tablets , e-readers , and smartphones-at all altitudes , &quot; the faa said .
in rare instances of low visibility , the crew will instruct passengers to turn off their devices during landing .
the group also recommended that heavier devices should be safely stowed under seats or in overhead bins during take-off and landing .
travelling bvb fans created terrible scenes with flares in the veltins arena before the district derby against schalke
borussia dortmund announced that there would be serious consequences .
before friday &apos;s bundesliga match against vfb stuttgart , the &apos; ultras &apos; responded with silence - initially .
it was an unusual , almost ghostly atmosphere that the fans created until shortly before the kick-off of the bundesliga match between the german runners-up borussia dortmend and vfb stuttgart , in the signal iduna park .
it was mainly the chants of away fans that could be heard .
the south stand , on the other hand , where the most loyal - and the loudest - of bvb fans stand , was initially unusually quiet : no singing and no battle cries .
the &apos; capo &apos;s &apos; podium , the individual who usually coordinates the unison chants , remained empty .
and right at the front , on the stand , a single large flag with the text &quot; stadium ban section &quot; blew in the wind .
only when goalkeeper , roman weidenfeller , was the first bvb player to step onto the field , did cheers briefly erupt , as is usually the case .
when his team mates followed , there was loud singing and scarves were waving - but by no means everywhere .
in the central blocks of the south stand , blocks 12 and 13 , nothing moved .
even stadium announcer , norbert dickel , speaking once again of the successful results in recent days - the derby victory , the win against arsenal , the contract extension of coach jörgen klopp - did not raise spirits .
just five minutes before kick-off , the capo climbed onto his podium - and the tension that had been almost tangible up until that point , lifted with a large shout , as dickel asked for a shout from each section of fans as usual .
as always , the south stand was left until the end , and finally the stand resumed its usual role as the loudest section of the stadium .
and as soon as the vociferous request for &quot; derby winners stand up &quot; came from the south stand upon kick-off , everything was back to normal .
the previous silence was indeed a reaction to the events of previous days .
immediately before the local district derby against fc schalke 04 , some of the travelling bvb fans fired flares into the crowds of spectators and onto the pitch - and in so doing almost hit goalkeeper roman weidenfeller .
the kick-off was delayed on account of the chaotic scenes ,
as a result , bvb chairman hans joachim watzke had invited the heads of the dortmund ultras fan group to his office - and if watzke &apos;s words are to be believed , this was a rather uncomfortable meeting for the fan representatives .
&quot; there will be massive impact for the entire ultra movement , &quot; announced the bvb chairman on thursday evening at a panel discussion in frankfurt .
as an immediate measure , watzke prohibited the ultras from organising choreography for the home match against vfb stuttgart .
&quot; i have banned it , &quot; he explained .
we cannot ignore the zero tolerance policy regarding pyrotechnics in saxony .
in addition , the ultras were given the option of several different punishments - they now have until tuesday to decide which one to accept .
otherwise bvb will impose a sanction by the end of next week , said watzke .
&quot; it will be severe , &quot; assured watzke .
it will be interesting to see the reactions in the south stand then .
pawnbrokers shine in singapore as middle class feel the pinch
at a pawnshop in bendemeer shopping centre in singapore , janani amirthalinga is swapping a gold bangle , ring and pair of earrings to pay her daughters &quot; school fees .
&quot; my husband and i have just bought a house so all my money &apos;s stuck there , &quot; mrs amirthalinga says .
even though she earns s $ 3,000 ( $ 2,400 ) a month as an administrator and her husband works as well , the monthly family income is insufficient , she says .
indeed , such is demand across parts of southeast asia - where household debt is rising - that valuemax , where she is carrying out her transaction , this week became the third pawnshop to list on the singapore stock exchange .
pawning jewellery is not merely a fast way to land cash - s $ 1,300 in ms amirthalinga &apos;s case - but almost as cheap as unsecured bank loans .
typically pawnbrokers in singapore charge an effective annual percentage rate of 17 per cent , just above the 15.4 per cent offered at united overseas bank , a local lender with a branch in the same shopping centre .
however , pawnbrokers have the advantage of not requiring credit checks or proof of salary , and can arrange loans faster than banks .
hence millions of people across the region are turning to pawnshops as families feel the squeeze from rising living costs and ballooning household and consumer debt .
after five years of robust growth since the global financial crisis , and cheap credit fuelled by loose monetary policy in advanced economies , lower- and middle-income families are turning to pawn shops to make up the difference as their economies slow .
this week standard &amp; poor &apos;s , the rating agency , cited increasing household leverage , mainly from rising mortgages , as a risk factor for asian banks &quot; creditworthiness .
it said that malaysia , thailand and singapore had the highest household debt to gross domestic product ratios in asia .
malaysia topped the list at 80 per cent of gdp , up from 60 per cent in 2008 .
economists are also worried about high levels of consumer debt in thailand , which this week narrowly emerged from technical recession .
on thursday , data showed continued export weakness , and a softening in consumer demand .
&quot; bottom line is that with costs rising , people in the middle to lower end &#91; of the income scale &#93; will be looking to supplement their income wherever they can , &quot; says song seng wun , economist at cimb , a malaysian bank .
historically high prices for gold in the past two years have added to the rush to pawn personal belongings , as people take the opportunity to cash in the value of their family jewellery .
in singapore , about 70 per cent of items pawned at the city-state &apos;s 200 pawn outlets are gold .
people are saying &quot; the gold price looks good , let &apos;s pawn grandma &apos;s gold chain and get it back next month .
in thailand the largest pawnshop operator , easymoney , has seen an up to 20 per cent rise in the number of customers using its outlets in recent months .
such is the growth in the pawn business that valuemax , operator of the outlet at bendemeer and of 15 others like it in singapore , plans to expand not only in neighbouring malaysia - where it has four shops - but outside asia too , says yeah lee ching , valuemax &apos;s executive director .
the company will fund that by using 60 per cent of s $ 66m it raised this week in a listing on the singapore stock exchange .
while some discount lenders have come under fire for high interest rates , ms yeah says that not only does pawning offer cheaper rates than other lenders , it also does not add directly to debt .
&quot; customers are mortgaging items that they already own , and monetising personal assets does not increase household debt , &quot; she says .
there &apos;s an increased social acceptance of pawnbroking as a means to secure short term , secured financing .
nor are the types of people who use pawnbrokers only the financially stretched .
wealthy people in singapore also use valuemax outlets , pawning gold bars or rolex watches , which can command up to 60 per cent of their purchase price in cash .
we see customers from all walks of life .
&quot; they include wealthy individuals who need to borrow short term for business ventures or investments , or small businesses with a need to tide over their cash flow needs , &quot; says ms yeah .
sometimes they just need the money very quickly .
nsa siphons data from google and yahoo - snowden wants to help
secret service whistleblower , edward snowden , has a fundamental interest in helping germany clarify the increasingly explosive nsa espionage scandal .
according to green party mp . hans-christian ströbele , his surprising meeting with snowden in russia addressed the conditions under which the former secret service employee would make a statement to a german district attorney or before an investigation committee .
snowden referred to his complex legal situation , ströbele said on ard &apos;s &quot; panorama &quot; programme .
$ 325m rescue package for tassie health
the federal government insists a $ 325 million rescue package for tasmania &apos;s ailing health system has tough conditions attached that will ensure the state government can &apos;t waste the funds .
federal health minister tanya plibersek has announced the commonwealth is taking &quot; urgent action &quot; to head off a crisis caused by the island state &apos;s aging population , higher rates of chronic disease and system constraints .
the funding , over four years , was decided after government consultations with tasmanian independent mp andrew wilkie .
&quot; the government has come up with an emergency rescue package we believe will address the unique challenges faced by the state , &quot; ms plibersek said today .
the $ 325 million package includes a $ 31 million elective surgery blitz .
an additional 2600 operations including orthopedic and cataract surgery will help clear a backlog .
there &apos;s also money for walk-in clinics in hobart and launceston , better after-hospital care , medical specialist training , mental health services and the rollout of personal electronic health record systems in local hospitals .
&quot; these investments respond to the ideas that front-line clinicians have told me will be the best ways to tend to tasmania &apos;s health system , &quot; ms plibersek said .
the minister insisted the tasmanian government would face a strict reporting and accountability regime .
the state would have to maintain current funding levels in order to receive commonwealth cash and report monthly on where it was spending the extra funds .
a three-person commission will be set up to ensure the state is delivering services as effectively and efficiently as possible .
mr wilkie today said the $ 325 million would count for little &quot; unless it &apos;s followed by genuine reform to put tasmania &apos;s public health system on a more sustainable footing . &quot;
he nevertheless praised the government for responding to his request for urgent assistance which he first raised with the prime minister at the beginning of may .
&quot; i &apos;m hopeful the federal assistance package will go a long way towards taking the state &apos;s public health system off the critical list , &quot; mr wilkie said .
according to the state government these additional elective procedures will largely reverse the recent cuts .
but federal opposition health spokesman peter dutton believes today &apos;s announcement is a &quot; band-aid solution . &quot;
&quot; the reason we are here is that the labor state government ripped $ 430 million out of its health system , &quot; he told abc tv .
you can &apos;t have a state government ripping out almost half-a-billion dollars and the commonwealth put in $ 300 million and pretend it &apos;s a good news day .
mr dutton called on ms plibersek to guarantee that not one dollar out of the rescue package would be spent on additional bureaucracy .
guillaume nicloux &apos;s adaptation of denis diderot &apos;s novel boasts exceptional production design and period detail but is also heavier going than it should be .
unfolding in 1760s france , it tells the grim story of suzanne , a young aristocrat sent to a convent by her family .
when she rebels , she experiences extreme cruelty at the hands of a wantonly sadistic mother superior and becomes an object of erotic fascination for another .
the film never slips into prurience or sensationalism - and that &apos;s the problem .
the earnest solemnity of the storytelling risks making it a hair shirt-like ordeal for audiences , too .
syria has destroyed its chemical weapons making ability , watchdog group says
syria has destroyed critical equipment for producing chemical weapons and poison gas munitions , the global chemical weapons watchdog said thursday as fierce clashes raged in the country &apos;s north , close to one of the sites where toxic agents are believed to be stored .
also thursday , a syrian activist group said more than 120,000 people have been killed since the start of the country &apos;s civil war nearly three years ago .
the announcement by the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons came one day ahead of the nov.
1 deadline set by the hague-based organization for damascus to destroy or &quot; render inoperable &quot; all chemical weapon production facilities and machinery for mixing chemicals into poison gas and filling munitions .
the completion of what is essentially the initial stage of destruction is a significant milestone in an ambitious timeline that aims to destroy all of damascus &apos; chemical weapons by mid-2014 .
destruction of the equipment means that syria can no longer produce new chemical weapons .
however , damascus still has to start destroying existing weapons and stockpiles .
the country is believed to have around 1,000 metric tons of chemicals and weapons including mustard gas and the nerve agent sarin .
the announcement came as fighting raged thursday in the town of safira , which experts say is home to a chemical weapons production facility as well as storage sites , reported the britain-based syrian observatory for human rights .
the activist group , which has been tracking the death toll through a network of activists in syria , said thursday that 120,296 people have died .
of those , it said 61,067 are civilians , including 6,365 children .
on the government side , it said 29,954 are members of president bashar assad &apos;s armed forces , 18,678 are pro-government fighters and 187 are lebanese hezbollah militants .
also among the dead it said were 2,202 army defectors and some 5,375 opposition fighters , many of them foreigners .
on july 25 , the u.n. estimated 100,000 have died in the conflict since march 2011 .
it has not updated that figure since .
the conflict has forced some 2 million people to flee the country .
assad &apos;s troops have been battling rebels , many of them linked to al-qaida groups , in safira for weeks .
the observatory said there were casualties on both sides thursday but had no specifics .
the fighting underscored the dangers the chemical weapons &apos; inspectors face as they race against tight deadlines in their mission to rid syria of the toxic arsenal in the midst of an ongoing civil war .
a statement from the opcw , which works closely with the united nations , said its team was &quot; now satisfied that it has verified - and seen destroyed - all of syria &apos;s declared critical production and mixing / filling equipment . &quot;
it added that , &quot; no further inspection activities are currently planned . &quot;
earlier this week , the inspectors said they had completed their first round of verification work , visiting 21 of 23 sites declared by damascus .
they were unable to visit two sites because of security concerns , the inspectors said .
on thursday , opcw said the two locations were , according to syria , &quot; abandoned and ... the chemical weapons program items they contained were moved to other declared sites , which were inspected . &quot;
it was not immediately clear if the facility in safira was one of the two sites that opcw inspectors were not able to visit .
syria has submitted a plan for the total destruction of its chemical weapons that has to be approved next month by the opcw &apos;s executive committee .
&quot; i salute the fortitude and courage you &apos;ve all demonstrated in fulfilling the most challenging mission ever undertaken by this organization , &quot; the watchdog &apos;s director-general , ahmet uzumcu , said in comments released by the opcw .
now in its third year , the civil war pits the primarily sunni muslim rebels against assad &apos;s government and its security forces , which are stacked with members of his alawite sect , an offshoot of shiite islam .
in other developments , the observatory &apos;s chief rami abdurrahman said there had been a strong explosion wednesday inside an air defense facility in syria &apos;s coastal province of latakia .
the cause of the blast was not known , he said .
anger over bali bomb plotter &apos;s sentence
survivors and relatives of the 202 people killed in the 2002 bali bombing have reacted with anger over the sentence given to the last of the plotters to face justice , saying umar patek should face a firing squad .
patek , who spent almost 10 years on the run as one of south-east asia &apos;s most wanted , was yesterday sentenced to 20 years in jail for his role in building the explosive devices used in the bombing .
he could be released within 15 years if granted parole .
the 45-year-old was found guilty of mass murder for the attack on two nightclubs in the popular tourist area of kuta which left 202 people dead , including 88 australians , and injured scores more .
he was also found guilty of a number of other terrorism-related charges , including a wave of bombings of churches across indonesia on christmas eve in 2000 .
prosecutors had demanded a life sentence , although they could have pushed that the man dubbed the &quot; demolition man &quot; for his reputation as a master bomb-maker be sentenced to death .
the decision has reignited painful memories for perth mother june corteen , who lost her 39-year-old twin daughters jane and jenny in the destruction unleashed by patek and his co-conspirators almost a decade ago .
fighting back tears , she said patek should have been sentenced to death .
i really feel that he should follow in the footsteps of the other guys .
&quot; he should be put in front of the firing squad , &quot; ms corteen told aap .
i have to live every day without seeing more grandchildren , and my daughters .
the sari club was levelled when a massive bomb loaded into a van parked outside was detonated just after 11pm on october 12 , 2002 .
peter hughes was in paddy &apos;s bar where a suicide bomber detonated a backpack loaded with explosives just 20 seconds earlier .
he lapsed into a month-long coma in the wake of the bombing , and &quot; died &quot; three times while on life support .
mr hughes said patek should have shared the same fate as three other members of the jemaah islamiah terror cell responsible for the carnage - amrozi , mukhlas and imam samudra - who were executed four years ago .
really , this guy should get the death penalty before anybody .
to keep him alive , well , there &apos;s no reason to keep him alive .
to get 20 years , after killing 202 people and injuring many hundreds , it &apos;s not much .
patek is the last of the bali bombers to face justice .
he had avoided capture for almost a decade but was eventually apprehended in january 2011 in the pakistani town of abbottabad , where us forces killed former al-qaeda chief osama bin laden less than four months later .
during the trial , an fbi agent testified that intelligence reports had revealed patek was in pakistan to meet with bin laden in an effort to re-establish links between south-east asian terrorist groups and al-qaeda .
&quot; he didn &apos;t give himself up , &quot; ms corteen said .
until just recently , he really didn &apos;t feel sorry for how much grief he caused other people .
the verdict comes ahead of the 10th anniversary of the attack later this year , which will be marked by ceremonies in bali and australia .
&quot; there will be a lot of tears this year , &quot; ms corteen said .
patek may yet appeal his sentence .
faa : air passengers can now use gadgets on planes ( but not make cell phone calls )
airline passengers will be able to use their electronic devices gate-to-gate to read , work , play games , watch movies and listen to music - but not talk on their cellphones - under much-anticipated new guidelines issued thursday by the federal aviation administration .
but passengers shouldn &apos;t expect changes to happen immediately .
how fast the change is implemented will vary by the airline , faa administrator michael huerta said at a news conference .
airlines will have to show the faa how their airplanes meet the new guidelines and that they &apos;ve updating their flight crew training manuals and rules for stowing devices to reflect the new guidelines .
the faa said it has already received plans from some airlines to expand the use of portable electronic devices on planes .
delta and jetblue were among the airliners who have already submitted plans .
&quot; depending on the condition of the plan , we could approve expanded use of electronic devices very soon , &quot; the faa said in a statement .
currently , passengers are required to turn off their smartphones , tablets and other devices once a plane &apos;s door closes .
they &apos;re not supposed to restart them until the planes reach 10,000 feet and the captain gives the go-ahead .
passengers are supposed to turn their devices off again as the plane descends to land and not restart them until the plane is on the ground .
under the new guidelines , airlines whose planes are properly protected from electronic interference may allow passengers to use the devices during takeoffs , landings and taxiing , the faa said .
most new airliners and other planes that have been modified so that passengers can use wifi at higher altitudes are expected to meet the criteria .
laura glading , president of the association of professional flight attendants , welcomed the changes .
&quot; once the new policy is safely implemented - and we &apos;re going to work closely with the carrier to do that - it will be a win-win , &quot; glading said in a statement .
we &apos;re frankly tired of feeling like &apos; hall monitors &apos; when it comes to this issue .
but connecting to the internet to surf , exchange emails , text or download data will still be prohibited below 10,000 feet , the agency said .
passengers will be told to switch their smartphones , tablets and other devices to airplane mode .
so , still no words with friends , the online scrabble-type game that actor alec baldwin was playing on his smartphone in 2011 when he was famously booted off an american airlines jet for refusing to turn off the device while the plane was parked at the gate .
and heavier devices such as laptops will continue to have to be stowed because of concern they might injure someone if they go flying around the cabin .
in-flight cellphone calls also will continue to be prohibited .
regulatory authority over phone calls belongs to the federal communications commission , not the faa .
faa may lift ban on some electronic devices during takeoff and landing
last month , national transportation safety board mark rosenker , a cbs news national transportation safety expert , said that cell phones are still considered a risk .
&quot; cell phones , that really is an issue , not just because potentially it could create interference with navigational devices , but we do know , according to the fcc , that it could interfere with cell phone towers when they &apos;re in the air , &quot; rosenker said .
an industry advisory committee created by the faa to examine the issue recommended last month that the government permit greater use of personal electronic devices .
pressure has been building on the faa in recent years to ease restrictions on their use .
critics such as sen. claire mccaskill , d-mo . , contend there is no valid safety reason for the prohibitions .
the restrictions have also become increasingly difficult to enforce as use of the devices has become ubiquitous .
some studies indicate as many as a third of passengers forget or ignore directions to turn off their devices .
the faa began restricting passengers &apos; use of electronic devices in 1966 in response to reports of interference with navigation and communications equipment when passengers began carrying fm radios , the high-tech gadgets of their day .
new airliners are far more reliant on electrical systems than previous generations of aircraft , but they are also designed and approved by the faa to be resistant to electronic interference .
airlines have been offering wi-fi use at cruising altitudes to passengers for several years .
planes modified for wi-fi systems are also more resistant to interference .
the vast majority of airliners should qualify for greater electronic device use under the new guidelines , huerta said .
today &apos;s electronic devices generally emit much lower power radio transmissions than previous generations of devices .
e-readers , for example , emit only minimal transmissions when turning a page .
but transmissions are stronger when devices are downloading or sending data .
among those pressing for a relaxation of restrictions on passengers &apos; use of the devices has been amazon.com.
in 2011 , company officials loaded an airliner full of their kindle e-readers and flew it around to test for problems but found none .
faa advisory committee members expressed mixed feelings about whether use of the devices presents any risk .
douglas kidd of the national association of airline passengers said he believes interference from the devices is genuine even if the risk is minimal .
other committee members said there are only anecdotal reports from pilots to support that the devices can interfere with aircraft systems , and most of those reports are very old .
however , the committee recommended the faa allow pilots to order passengers to shut off devices during instrument landings in low visibility .
a travel industry group welcomed the changes , calling them common-sense accommodations for a traveling public now bristling with technology .
&quot; we &apos;re pleased the faa recognizes that an enjoyable passenger experience is not incompatible with safety and security , &quot; said roger dow , ceo of the u.s. travel association .
bird airlifted to safety from north sea rig released back into wild
a bird airlifted ashore after being found exhausted on a north sea oil rig has been released back into the wild .
the water rail was put on a helicopter to aberdeen last month before being nursed back to health by the scottish spca at its rescue centre in alloa .
centre manager colin seddon said : &quot; this water rail was likely a winter migrant from northern europe who got caught up in strong winds over the north sea . &quot;
it seems the bird became exhausted and managed to find refuge on the oil rig .
he added : &quot; it was unable to fly off again so we were contacted for help . &quot;
the water rail was fit and well by the time it was released .
is europe &apos;s elite ready to do business with britain ?
business for britain launched in april with a pledge to bring business together and define what the uk &apos;s wealth and job creators want to see changed in our relationship with the eu .
to that end , we commissioned the largest and most comprehensive poll of british business leaders asking them for their thoughts on britain , business and the eu .
yougov polled over 1,000 business leaders , broadly representative of britain &apos;s business sizes , sectors and regions .
the conclusions of the poll will come as a surprise to many .
we found that the vast majority of businesses are now looking to export outside of europe , focusing on countries that are modernising and growing while the eu states stagnate .
they want to see the government prioritise new trading links with the likes of china , india and brazil , rather than getting bogged down in the long and arduous process of reforming the eu &apos;s arcane institutions .
when asked their views on specific policy areas - ranging from monopoly regulation to product laws - the majority of business leaders thought that control of these key competences should be returned to westminster .
there was general discontent with the single market , with businesses saying that the costs of brussels regulation now outweighed the benefits of being part of europe &apos;s trading area - even 40 per cent of large businesses , traditionally the most pro-european of companies , agreed .
finally , and most tellingly of all , our poll of business leaders found a clear majority wanted to see britain pursue a course of treaty change and a relationship with the eu that is based on trade , not politics .
this finding , which was reflected across the sizes and major business groups , shows that business is pushing for a &quot; meaningful change &quot; that brings powers back to the uk .
the stakes are high - achieving treaty change and a better deal for britain sees a 16 per cent swing towards voting to stay in the eu in a referendum .
the prime minister should be in no doubt : this poll shows that british business backs his plan for renegotiating the terms of britain &apos;s membership of the eu .
it also shows that business expects that renegotiation to make a significant shift in the current balance of power back towards the uk .
a better deal for british business is possible , and increasingly necessary as the eurozone embarks on the road to closer economic and fiscal union .
the priority must be jobs and growth in britain and , as the findings of our poll show , for business this means a renewed focus on trade and a fundamental change in brussels &quot; regulatory approach .
gazprom &apos;s alexei miller says pipeline in bulgaria starts new gas era
the start of construction of the south stream gas pipeline in bulgaria marks the launch of one of europe &apos;s largest energy projects , gazprom &apos;s chief said .
&quot; a landmark event has taken place today : construction started on the bulgarian section of the south stream gas pipeline , the most large-scale and important project in europe , &quot; gazprom chairman alexei miller said in a statement thursday .
this project is a key element of energy security of the whole european continent .
south stream is meant to add diversity to russia &apos;s export routes through europe .
a contractual dispute between gazprom and its counterparts in ukraine , which hosts most of russia &apos;s gas for europe , adds a layer of risk to conventional routes , officials say .
miller said the direct connection to bulgaria , a member of the european union , means geopolitical risks associated with transit countries are eliminated &quot; forever . &quot;
bulgarian consumers will receive gas from south stream at a discounted rate once the entire project starts operating in 2015 .
gazprom said construction should begin in other downstream countries by year &apos;s end .
the pipeline is designed for an annual capacity of 2.2 trillion cubic feet of natural gas .
nothing beats germany as a property location for national and international investors .
the economic situation is right , and the financing options are fantastic .
this was the message of the 9th &apos; immobilientag &apos; ( property day ) organised by the börsen zeitung ( stock exchange newspaper ) .
the german property markets are benefiting from the country &apos;s economic strength and general conditions which , compared with the rest of europe , are very competitive .
this was pointed out by christian ulbrich , jones lang lasalle ceo for europe , the near east and africa , at the 9th &apos; immobilientag &apos; ( property day ) organised by the börsen zeitung ( stock exchange newspaper ) .
the extent to which german commercial properties are sought after is evident in the transaction volumes , said ulbrich .
in the first three quarters of this year , there was an increase of 31 % compared to the same period the year before .
in great britain , growth stands at just 6 % , and in france at 19 % .
&quot; property investments offer an attractive rate of return , &quot; said ulbrich .
the yield gap between properties and federal government bonds is at a historically high level .
the faa is easing restrictions on the use of electronic gadgets on airplanes - though chatting on cellphones will still be prohibited .
warplanes attack a store of russian missiles in the port city of latakia , an official says .
it &apos;s an apparent continuation of israel &apos;s campaign to keep arms from proliferating in the mideast .
a federal appeals court blocks a judge &apos;s ruling that the nypd &apos;s controversial tactic discriminates against minorities .
nearly 100 african migrants hoping to travel to algeria die of thirst after their two trucks break down in the middle of the sahara .
experts say violence that left 14 adults and seven children dead is nothing more than random chance , not a sign of growing violence in america .
rather than being rattled by the u.s. government shutdown , investors kept their focus on what probably matters more : the federal reserve .
the california woman plans to challenge what may be a first-of-its-kind citation , saying the internet-connected eyewear makes navigation easier .
police say they have a video that appears to show mayor rob ford smoking a crack pipe .
even close allies keep things from one another - and work every angle to find out what &apos;s being held back .
the vatican wants to know how catholic parishes around the globe handle sensitive issues like contraception , divorce and gay couples .
two ymca employees charged with sex offences before allegations against jonathan lord , royal commission hears
two ymca nsw employees had been charged with child sex offences before allegations were raised against caringbah child care worker jonathan lord in 2011 , the child sexual abuse royal commission has heard .
but in its opening statement to the commission it said it had &quot; never dealt with an incident of child sexual assault within its organisation , &quot; the commission was told .
chief executive officer phillip hare was asked about one case where a ymca employee was charged child pornography offences , and another when a gym instructor at the ymca caringbah hall was convicted of child sexual offences against children in his care in 1991 .
mr hare told gail furness , counsel assisting the commission , he knew about the first case but did not know about the second one .
he conceded the ymca &apos;s opening statement to the commission was also inaccurate in claiming &quot; there have been external audits of the ymca that have recognised the ymca as being at the forefront of child safety . &quot;
evidence before the commission is that ymca was notified that it received the second lowest of four possible ratings in a department of education and communities quality audit in august this year .
mr hare , who started with the ymca when he was 21 , conceded management &quot; from myself down &quot; failed by recruiting lord and failed to make sure staff were clear about their obligations to report child safe policy breaches .
earlier this year lord was convicted for sexual offences against 12 boys during the two years he worked at the ymca .
he was jailed for a minimum of six years .
but mr hare rejected the suggestion the ymca had a cultural problem which prevented staff from reporting lord &apos;s breaches of child safety .
staff gave evidence they observed breaches including lord being alone with children , babysitting them privately , having them sit on his lap , saying he loved one and letting them play with his mobile phone .
danielle ockwell , who was supervised by lord and asked for child protection training because she was concerned about his behaviour , testified she found the ymca caringbah children &apos;s services manager jacqui barnat who supervised lord &quot; very intimidating and hard to approach a lot of the time . &quot;
the ceo said he did not accept staff &apos;s evidence that they were uncomfortable with reporting upwards to their managers .
rather , he said , their friendships with lord clouded their judgements about reporting him .
mr hare said he had provided his view to the ymca nsw board that the lesson for the organisation from the &quot; jonathan lord incident &quot; was &quot; not about reporting &quot; by staff , and the board agreed with him .
mr hare said the decision to get staff to sign confidentiality agreements soon after the allegations emerged was made by ymca general manager of children &apos;s services liam whitley .
he said it was intended to avoid contamination of evidence but was &quot; overzealous &quot; and poorly executed .
ymca nsw was not a child safe organisation at the time jonathan lord was employed between 2009 and 2011 , child sex abuse expert professor stephen smallbone of griffith university told the commission .
he said there were &quot; serious problems &quot; in recruitment , screening , induction , training and supervision of staff .
the hearing adjourned until december 20 .
tony blair said he &apos;d seize the chance to return as britain &apos;s prime minister - but acknowledges a comeback is unlikely .
in an interview overnight to mark the fifth anniversary of his departure from office , the 59-year-old aired his views on various domestic policies .
since he stood down in june 2007 after a decade as leader , mr blair has largely avoided discussing british politics , confining most of his comments to foreign affairs and his role as envoy to the quartet of middle east peacemakers .
asked if he would return to the post of prime minister , mr blair was quoted by london &apos;s evening standard as saying : &quot; yes , sure , but it &apos;s not likely to happen is it , so ... &quot;
as crowds of horse-showing experts gathered in cardiff to battle it out for horse of the year , they knew the competition would be tough .
but nobody was quite ready for three-year-old fenton kirkland .
not yet in school and just months on from taking his first steps , the toddler and his pet shetland pony toffee trotted through the three rounds with ease to take the top prize - leaving their 30 adult opponents trailing behind .
the inseparable pair - who are the same height - were commended for appearance , behaviour and style at the annual contest run by sunnybank equestrian centre , in rudry near cardiff .
taking to the stage against men and women in smart bowler hats , he tipped his flat cap at a jaunty angle and paraded two-year-old toffee around the ring .
fenton was lauded by judges for natural handling skills well beyond his years .
and toffee received top marks for his appearance and personality .
fenton was given toffee as a third birthday present last march and has practised with the shetland pony every day since .
his mother donna , 30 , said : &quot; fenton and toffee are a great double act . &quot;
they were up against all comers but the two of them walked off with the gold cup and rosette .
it was only the second time he had competed with toffee and we were all ecstatic when he won .
complete strangers in the arena all thought he was so phenomenal they wanted photos taken with him .
the youngster , from the village of nantyglo , near ebbw vale , south wales , is following in the footsteps of his aunt sharon howells , who has been showing horses for more than 10 years .
mrs howells said : &quot; the whole place was electric and everybody was cheering and clapping . &quot;
he was running on sand down the full length of the arena and even though he looked so tiny he did a marvellous job .
fenton is animal mad - he loves horses , tractors and farms and has got two chickens which he looks after .
the way he has started he &apos;ll be at the horse of the year show before long - and i &apos;m sure he &apos;ll do well .
a spokesman for the annual horse show said : &quot; fenton is only three but he knows how to handle his pony . &quot;
they are a great team together .
the judges marked fenton and toffee on how well they were turned out and the way they presented in the show ring .
they look for good teamwork between the pony and the handler - fenton and toffee were the best in the ring .
i &apos;m sure fenton was helped by his cute clothes , he really looked the part .
china plea paper &apos; to be overhauled&apos;
a chinese newspaper that made a front-page appeal for the release of a reporter accused of defamation is to be overhauled , a press regulator says .
the guangzhou-based new express made a rare public plea for the release of journalist chen yongzhou .
but mr chen subsequently admitted on television that he had taken bribes to fabricate stories about a part state-owned company .
now the new express is to undergo &quot; full rectification , &quot; the regulator said .
the &quot; rectification &quot; order came from the guangdong administration of press and publication , radio , film and television .
a preliminary investigation showed that yangcheng evening news group &apos;s new express had published several untrue reports about listed company zoomlion in the period of september 2012 to august 2013 .
&quot; new express &apos;s editorial management was disordered , &quot; the regulator said in a statement .
it said it had decided to &quot; impose an administrative penalty on chen yongzhou by revoking his reporter &apos;s license . &quot;
it had also &quot; instructed yangcheng evening news group to undertake a complete rectification of new express , and recommended they investigate the relevant responsible persons at new express and immediately revise new express &apos;s leadership team . &quot;
mr chen wrote several articles for the new express alleging financial irregularities at a construction-equipment company called zoomlion .
after he was detained , his newspaper published two front-page appeals for his release , saying it backed his journalism .
but mr chen then appeared on state television admitting he had published false stories for money .
&quot; in this case i &apos;ve caused damages to zoomlion and also the whole news media industry and its ability to earn the public &apos;s trust , &quot; he told state broadcaster cctv .
i did this mainly because i hankered after money and fame .
i &apos;ve realised my wrongdoing .
following mr chen &apos;s apology , new express issued a front-page apology , saying it had failed to properly check his reports .
several high-profile suspects have made televised confessions recently .
experts say confessions are still routinely coerced , despite a change in the law earlier this year banning the authorities from forcing anyone to incriminate themselves .
us-mexico drug tunnel with its own railway found
one of the most sophisticated drug smuggling tunnels between the usa and mexico has been found , complete with its own lighting , ventilation and electric rail systems .
us authorities described the four foot by three foot tunnel as one of the most sophisticated secret passages they have ever discovered .
the tunnel , which zigzags the length of nearly six football pitches , links warehouses near tijuana , mexico and san diego , usa .
the area is filled with nondescript warehouses , making it easier to conceal trucks being loaded with drugs .
the tunnel was shut down before any drugs made it through undetected , authorities said .
authorities seized eight-and-a-half tons of marijuana and 327 pounds of cocaine in connection with the tunnel &apos;s discovery , according to court records .
three men who authorities say worked as drivers were charged with possession of marijuana and cocaine with intent to distribute .
they face prison sentences between 10 years and life imprisonment if convicted .
in nogales , arizona , smugglers tap into vast underground drainage canals .
the tunnel is the eighth major passage discovered in san diego since 2006 .
some of the largest tunnels have been discovered after central mexico &apos;s marijuana harvest in october , which presents drug cartels with a challenge of how to quickly get their product to consumers .
in 2010 , authorities found a roughly 700-yard passage equipped with rail tracks that extended from the kitchen of a tijuana home to two san diego warehouses .
orlando bloom and miranda kerr still love each other
actors orlando bloom and model miranda kerr want to go their separate ways .
however , in an interview , bloom has said that he and kerr still love each other .
miranda kerr and orlando bloom are parents to two-year-old flynn .
actor orlando bloom announced his separation from his wife , supermodel miranda kerr .
in an interview with us journalist katie couric , which is to be broadcast on friday ( local time ) , bloom said , &quot; sometimes life doesn &apos;t go exactly as we plan or hope for &quot; .
he and kerr still love each other , emphasised the 36-year-old .
&quot; we &apos;re going to support one another and love each other as parents to flynn &quot; .
kerr and bloom have been married since 2010 . their son flynn was born in 2011 .
according to dictionaries , veganism is a sub-category of vegetarianism , yet the two do differ considerably .
for while vegetarians allow themselves to consume cream tarts , ice cream or a strong edam , these indulgences are off the menu for vegans .
milk , cheese , egg - alongside avoiding meat and fish , vegans refrain from eating all products of animal origin - even honey is not permitted .
you might ask what is left , however , upon closer inspection the world of vegan nutrition is characterised by great resourcefulness .
&quot; spreads are very popular , &quot; explained ute henkelmann the owner of the local health food store , which provides a host of special products for vegans .
reuben proctor also likes to visit the store on &quot; domgasse &quot; .
the new zealander has been vegan for 13 years , and in lampertheim he can find ( almost ) everything that he needs to get by . &quot; in 1997 i adjusted my diet and became a vegetarian &quot; .
at the turn of the millennium i took the next step and became vegan .
&quot; however , it wasn &apos;t just the diet that convinced me , but also my choice of shoes , &quot; said proctor , who prefers artificial leather over normal leather .
he realised that you can also overcome all other daily concerns without animal products .
first and foremost , being vegan is a matter of ethics .
&quot; i don &apos;t want animals to have to die for me , &quot; said proctor , expressing the maxim of vegans , which applies to all their consumer behaviour .
rather than missing burgers , scrambled eggs or gummi bears , the vegan has quickly discovered entirely new products that really inspire him .
&quot; it is a double bonus , &quot; says proctor now , &quot; in actual fact being vegan is not about doing without , it &apos;s not about asceticism , but rather it is an enhancement &quot; . regarding the assumption that when you convert your diet you are reducing your choice of meal options , proctor puts this down to force of habit .
and it is precisely this conditioning that results in many a well-intentioned attempt failing .
&quot; the temptation factor is a decisive factor in causing many to quickly give up , similar to with smoking , &quot; says proctor , providing a comparison .
and he argues : &quot; certain flavours are not linked to animal produce &quot; .
often it is the herbs or the type of preparation that provide the flavour .
&quot; you can , however , create the same effect in other ways , &quot; explains the vegan .
for example , when attending a barbecue party , proctor brings aubergines , mushrooms and also a few vegan sausages .
he ensures a balanced , varied diet , whereby everything should also have a good hearty flavour .
of course you want to have something with a bit of bite , that is fair enough .
&quot; it should be tasty , but this doesn &apos;t necessarily mean animal-based food , &quot; said proctor .
he has not suffered any damage to his health or eating disorders - another wide-spread assumption .
converting has had a positive effect for me .
i do not consume any foreign cholesterol and have increased my vitamin intake .
there are top athletes who also have an exclusively vegan diet .
&quot; my blood values are excellent - i have myself checked on a regular basis , &quot; revealed proctor .
many critics of veganism warn in particular of the lack of vitamin b12 .
&quot; because animals are fed on fodder instead of grazing , it is dubious whether the vitamin b12 content in meat sold in freezers is actually high , &quot; commented proctor .
for vegans there is also the option of taking the co-enzyme in the form of tablets .
&quot; my b12 values are fine , &quot; he explained .
proctor does not have to travel far to buy food .
there are basic foodstuffs available everywhere , and every supermarket now has soya milk and other products .
i can find everything i need locally .
i only purchase special items now and again .
&quot; many people overlook the fact that even though ready-made vegan products are expensive , it is well-known that this is also the case for &quot; normal &quot; ready-made products .
in any case , the preparation of vegan dishes is much cheaper and less time consuming than commonly assumed .
&quot; in home cooking , there is much to be discovered - with a few minor tweaks you can achieve good , if not sometimes better results , &quot; said proctor .
margarine in place of butter , a little more baking powder and bicarbonate of soda in place of egg - proctor has even managed to astonish his in-laws with his vegan cheese cakes .
the vegan adds new spice to family parties .
when you cook together there is a certain dynamic - cooking takes on new value .
&quot; the situations that may arise are as varied as the people themselves , &quot; said proctor .
of course he has already met with scepticism .
do you not like my food any more ?
&quot; should i feel bad now because i drink milk ? &quot; - as a vegan you have to be tactful in such matters .
&quot; i do not disapprove of people , i am part of this society , &quot; said proctor , explaining that he was not choosing a life of isolation .
and on closer observation , the everyday world does not appear quite so &apos; un-vegan &apos; - and vegans are not quite as limited in their everyday lives as is commonly assumed .
fast food is also permitted .
chips are available everywhere !
&quot; many doner kebab houses offer falafel , or even vegetarian yufka , &quot; says proctor .
in a pizzeria he avoids pasta dishes or just orders a pizza without cheese , all just a question of habit .
restaurants are slowly adapting to things .
&quot; when i began eating a vegan diet 13 years ago , things were even more difficult , &quot; says the new zealander , and he points out : &quot; you have to talk with people , make them aware &quot; .
&quot; if enough requests are made , they will perhaps be inclined to expand their menus , &quot; he hopes .
there are vegan restaurants opening up , such as the kombüse in mannheim or café vogelfrei .
proctor hopes that other restaurants will also have at least one vegan dish on the menu .
essentially , vegan dishes are for everyone .
anyone can eat them , they are the exact opposite of exclusive .
&quot; meat dishes , on the other hand , are exclusive , in the truest sense of the word , as they rule others out , &quot; assessed proctor .
&quot; if you want to avoid food scandals , veganism is a safe way to rule out the majority of scandals from the outset , &quot; says proctor .
however , purchasing vegan products can be difficult to start with .
oince you come to understand that peanuts , in particular , may also contain animal additives as a colourant , people seem to quickly lose courage when following a code of ethics with so many hurdles and pitfalls .
therefore , for this reason and others , reuben proctor and lars thomsen have written a book . &quot; veganissimo - tierische inhaltsstoffe und ihre alternativen &quot; ( veganissimo - animal ingredients and their alternatives ) explains the many ingredients hidden in both foodstuffs and cleaning agents .
&quot; you gradually develop an internal scanner and you know which symbols and logos you have to look out for &quot; . proctor has learned that &quot; it is sometimes better too take small steps rather than to stand still or stumble &quot; .
veganism is an important moral compass , which has an effect on your consciousness .
perhaps he won &apos;t manage to help you break old habits altogether , but at least he manages to teach consumers to critically question their habits .
stock exchange operator nasdaq omx keeps its customers on tenterhooks .
trading at the nasdaq options market was interrupted on friday afternoon , german time .
in an announcement , the operator cited technical problems as the reason .
on the other eleven options markets , including two also operated by nasdaq omx , business continued as normal .
the most recent incident is the latest in a series of both small and large breakdowns suffered by the stock exchange operator .
as recently as last tuesday , the nasdaq indices were not calculated for one hour due to data transfer errors .
in august of this year there were two breakdowns in a single week .
first of all , us investment bank goldman sachs sent large quantities of incorrect purchase orders to the options markets due to technical problems .
as a result , the stock exchange operators required almost an entire day to look through and delete the orders .
two days later , half of all stock dealing in the usa came to a standstill for several hours , due to a computer failure in the nasdaq exchange .
furthermore , last year the listing of facebook on the stock exchange caused quite a furore .
the nasdaq systems could not cope with the flood of purchase and sales orders , the exchange supervisory authority established at a later date , imposing a record penalty of 10 million dollars on the company .
konstanz : cyclist knocks over 63-year-old man
according to the police , the accident occurred on thursday evening at around 10 : 00 p.m. , when a 26-year-old man was cycling illegally , on the left footpath of the bahnhofplatz in the direction of marktstätte , on a ladies bicycle .
according to police , when a 63-year-old man suddenly stepped out of a pub onto the footpath , the cyclist was unable to brake in time .
during the subsequent collision , the pedestrian was thrown against the wall of the building , and then fell onto the ground , suffering a laceration to the head that measured around 15 centimetres in length .
an ambulance team brought the injured man to the clinic for medical treatment .
british police serve assange with extradition notice
btitish police served an extradition notice today on wikileaks founder julian assange , who has taken refuge in ecuador &apos;s embassy in london and requested asylum .
scotland yard said they had served a &quot; surrender notice &quot; on the 40-year-old australian requiring him to appear at a police station , adding that failure to do so would make him further liable to arrest .
assange faces extradition to sweden over sex crime allegations , having exhausted his options under british law when the supreme court overturned his appeal against extradition earlier this month .
fearing stockholm would pass him on to the us , he sought refuge at ecuador &apos;s embassy in london on june 19 , asking the south american country for political asylum .
scotland yard has &quot; served a surrender notice upon a 40-year-old man that requires him to attend a police station at date and time of our choosing , &quot; a spokesman said .
he remains in breach of his bail conditions .
the embassy declined to comment on the serving of the police notice .
assange fears he will be extradited from sweden to the united states to face possible espionage charges , after releasing more than 250,000 us diplomatic cables on the wikileaks anti-secrecy website .
driver speeding at 130mph with hot drink between legs fined £ 1,000
a motorist has been fined £ 1,000 for driving at up to 130mph ( 210km / h ) with a hot drink balanced between his legs .
andrew howie , 35 , of tiptree , essex , was spotted driving his mercedes benz on the a120 at braintree on 27 may .
when police stopped him they discovered the takeaway drink between his legs .
at colchester magistrates &apos; court howie admitted a charge of driving without due care and attention .
seven points added to his licence resulted in him receiving a six-month driving ban .
howie was also ordered to pay costs of £ 90 and a victim surcharge of £ 100 .
tax on foreign property owners to burst london &apos;s bubble
the treasury have provisionally costed out the cgt measure but are awaiting a final decision from mr osborne , who , in the 2012 budget , introduced a 7 % rate of stamp duty for homes costing more than £ 2m and annual charges for buyers who choose to hold homes in a company rather than as individuals .
already the stamp duty take for residential property in the boroughs of westminster and kensington &amp; chelsea , which stood at £ 708 million in the 2012 / 13 tax year , exceeds the combined total for northern ireland , wales , scotland , the north east , north west and yorkshire and the humber put together .
mr cook said : &quot; following increases in stamp duty of high value homes and the introduction of associated anti-avoidance legislation , it is very difficult to argue that high value property is under-taxed irrespective of the effect of the out-dated council tax system . &quot;
&quot; but this move could make some foreign investors reticent to buy property in london or current owners reluctant to sell , &quot; he added .
prime property - the top 5 % to 10 % of the housing market by price - in the affluent south-west london belt , which stretches from fulham to wimbledon , has increased by a record 11.8 % over the past year .
prices in central london continued to show steady year-on-year growth of 5.6 % but were overshadowed by a burgeoning &quot; domestic market &quot; with the city &apos;s south west , north ( 7.4 % ) and east ( 6.5 % ) all experiencing an uptick , according to research from savills .
scientists have shed more light on how the movements of a dog &apos;s tail are linked to its mood .
earlier research had revealed that happy dogs wag their tails more to the right ( from the dog &apos;s point of view ) , while nervous dogs have a left-dominated swish .
but now scientists say that fellow canines can spot and respond to these subtle tail differences .
prof georgio vallortigara , a neuroscientist from the university of trento , said : &quot; it is very well known in humans that the left and right side of the brain are differently involved in stimuli that invokes positive or negative emotions . &quot;
here we attempted to look at it in other species .
he added that just as in humans , for dogs the right side of the brain was responsible for left-handed movement and vice versa , and the two hemispheres played different roles in emotions .
to find out more about how dogs react to the lop-sided tail wags of other dogs , the researchers monitored the animals as they watched films of other dogs .
they measured the pets &apos; heart rates and analysed their behaviour .
it will probably not be long before we understand why their tails sometimes go one way , sometimes the other
prof vallortigara said : &quot; we presented dogs with movies of dogs - either a naturalistic version or a silhouette to get rid of any other confounding issues , and we could doctor the movement of the tail and present the tail more to the left or right . &quot;
when the animals saw an otherwise expressionless dog move its tail to the right ( from the tail-wagging dog &apos;s point of view ) , they stayed perfectly relaxed .
but when they spotted a tail veer predominantly to the left ( again from the tail-swishing dog &apos;s point of view ) , their heart rates picked up and they looked anxious .
prof vallortigara said he didn &apos;t think that the dogs were intentionally communicating with each other through these movements .
instead , he believes that they dogs have learned from experience what moves they should and shouldn &apos;t feel worried about .
he said : &quot; if you have several meetings with other dogs , and frequently their tail wagging one way is associated with a more friendly behaviour , and the right side is producing a less friendly behaviour , you respond on the basis of that experience . &quot;
the researchers say the findings could give owners , vets and trainers a better insight into their animal &apos;s emotions .
dog behaviour expert john bradshaw , a visiting fellow at the university of bristol &apos;s school of veterinary science , said this was not the first study to examine whether left and right were important to canines .
last year a team from the university of lincoln found that dogs turn their heads to the left when looking at an aggressive dog and to the right when looking at a happy dog .
and in another research paper from the university of victoria in canada , he said : &quot; dogs were more likely to approach a robot dog when its &apos; tail &apos; was made to wag left rather than right , rather than becoming anxious - the opposite way around to the italian study . &quot;
he said the differences could be because the dogs in the different studies were not fully interpreting the animals in the films or robo-dogs as canines .
a study of how dogs responded to real dogs could help , he explained .
&quot; while there is considerable evidence from many different mammals that the two sides of the brain are used for different purposes , much of the detail still has to be hammered out - and dogs are no exception , &quot; he said .
however , given the ease with which their behaviour can be recorded , it will probably not be long before we understand why their tails sometimes go one way , sometimes the other .
arctic monkeys postpone glasgow gig due to alex turner &apos;s illness
rock band the arctic monkeys have postponed a gig in glasgow after their lead singer was diagnosed with laryngitis .
the sheffield group were scheduled to perform at the hydro venue in the city on friday .
however , lead singer alex turner &apos;s illness has forced them to reschedule the show .
the band &apos;s announcement came after they were forced to similarly postpone a gig at the lg arena in birmingham on thursday .
in a statement on their official website , the arctic monkeys said : &quot; following the decision to postpone the show at the birmingham lg arena tonight and after seeking medical advice , arctic monkeys must also postpone the show at the glasgow hydro on friday , november 1 . &quot;
&quot; alex turner has been diagnosed with laryngitis and is regrettably not able to perform . &quot;
the show at the lg arena in birmingham will now take place on november 20 and the show at the glasgow hydro will now take place on november 21 .
all tickets remain valid for these shows .
we wish to apologise to all ticket holders for any inconvenience this has caused .
please contact the customer services at the box office you purchased your tickets from for any further assistance .
pope francis to name first cardinals in february
pope francis will create new cardinals of the catholic church for his first time on february 22 , the vatican announced thursday .
cardinals are the highest-ranking clergy in the catholic church below the pope , and they &apos;re the ones who elect popes , so francis will be appointing his first group of men who will ultimately help choose his successor .
there are now 201 cardinals .
however , once a cardinal reaches 80 he is no longer permitted to participate in the election of a pope -- this falls to a group of 120 &quot; cardinal electors . &quot;
in a statement announcing the news , father federico lombardi , a vatican spokesman , said a meeting of all the existing cardinals would be held before the ceremony to elevate the new cardinals , known as a consistory .
&quot; pope francis has decided to communicate his decision to convoke february &apos;s consistory in advance in order to facilitate the planning of other meetings involving the participation of cardinals from different parts of the world , &quot; lombardi said .
jack valero of catholic voices said that by february , the number of cardinal electors was likely to have dropped .
he said usually a pope would name as many cardinals as was needed to raise the number of cardinal electors back to 120 and as many cardinals aged over 80 as he wanted .
next year &apos;s consistory would be significant because it would be the first since francis was elected in march this year , valero said .
at the moment there is a sort of bias towards europe and especially towards italy .
&quot; it will be interesting to see whether the new pope will nominate cardinals from the rest of the world to restore the balance , &quot; he said .
forty percent of roman catholics are in south america , but they have a tiny number of cardinals .
the cardinals will also be the first to be chosen since francis formed the council of cardinals , a group of eight cardinals from around the world tasked with looking into ways to reform the church .
in the past the pope decided everything on his own .
&quot; now francis has selected these eight cardinals to help him , &quot; valero said .
he said it was &quot; quite possible &quot; that francis would ask the cardinals for advice .
but we &apos;ve not been in that situation before -- it &apos;s all completely new .
valero said popes typically elevated bishops from large places to the position of cardinal but that francis was &quot; full of surprises -- so we don &apos;t know who he &apos;ll name . &quot;
gm recalls some new pickup trucks in u.s. to fix seatbacks
general motors co is recalling nearly 19,000 of its all-new 2014 chevrolet silverado and gmc sierra pickup trucks to repair a problem with the manual reclining seatback , according to a notice from u.s. auto safety regulators on friday .
on some of the trucks , the front seats may have a defect in the reclining mechanism .
as a result , the seatbacks fail to comply with federal auto safety standards on head restraints .
&quot; if the vehicle is struck from behind , the head restraint may not properly protect occupants , increasing the risk of injury , &quot; according to the notice posted on the national highway traffic safety administration website .
the recalled models were built between august 1 and september 10 .
gm &apos;s truck roll-out began in june and represents the most important vehicle launch for the no. 1 u.s. automaker since its 2009 bankruptcy restructuring .
gm told truck owners about the defect in the first half of october .
nhtsa could not review the owner notification letter due to the 16-day government shutdown , which tempered auto sales growth in october .
sales of the silverado and sierra trucks , which were redesigned for the 2014 model year , were up about 20 percent during the first 10 months of the year , gm said on friday .
in october , gm sold 42,660 silverado and 16,503 sierra pickup trucks .
gm shares were up 1.4 percent at $ 37.47 on the new york stock exchange on friday afternoon .
an obama voter &apos;s cry of despair
i voted for president obama twice , sharing hope in possibility of change
he says obama has had worthy efforts thwarted by gop obstructionism
obstructionism can &apos;t excuse obamacare website woes , drone attacks
obama &apos;s 2008 campaign memoir is a sad reminder of what might have been
nathaniel p. morris is a second-year student at harvard medical school .
i &apos;m reading a terribly sad book these days .
it &apos;s a book that i thought would uplift me during the doldrums of second-year medical school , and renew in me a sense of hope .
it &apos;s called &quot; the audacity to win , &quot; and it &apos;s a memoir of barack obama &apos;s 2008 presidential campaign .
when i &apos;m finished with my patient write-ups at night and get into bed , the book returns me to a time when politics inspired millions and speeches could take your breath away .
the election turned out to be a landslide , and news anchors paused to reflect on the historic nature of the hour .
my classmates cried with joy , and my parents saved every newspaper they could find .
a young team of visionaries was headed for the white house , and the nation was ready for change .
during obama &apos;s transition to office in 2008 , he had an 82 % approval rating .
and then i close the book .
cutting to the present is a rude awakening , like snapping out of a dream .
it &apos;s hard to remember those days of optimism -- they seem a distant memory , a sad reminder of opportunities gone by .
change indeed happened , in the years since i cast my first ballot .
it was simply nothing i could have imagined .
i credit obama with great and varied accomplishments , from the passage of the affordable care act to our military exit from iraq , the end of &quot; don &apos;t ask don &apos;t tell , &quot; to the killing of osama bin laden .
moreover , i believe that partisan obstructionism has upended too many efforts to push our nation forward : immigration reform , a public option for health care , and closing the base at guantanamo bay , among others .
but , after the countless times in which i have found myself defending the obama administration to colleagues and peers , i &apos;ve reached a limit to the explanations that i can provide .
i &apos;ve reached a point of political despair .
republican obstructionism cannot explain allowing the bugging of foreign leaders , nor having drones strike innocent children overseas .
it cannot explain having the national security agency collect data on the private lives of americans , nor prosecuting whistle-blowers who reveal government wrongdoing .
it cannot account for assassinating anwar al-awlaki , an american citizen , without a trial , nor shirking public funding and spending limits during presidential campaigns .
it cannot justify the findings of a report that says the white house &apos;s efforts to silence the media are the &quot; most aggressive ... since the nixon administration . &quot;
and , most recently , it cannot excuse the failure to design a simple website more than three years since the affordable care act was signed into law .
i don &apos;t know if this is what i should have expected .
if , at 18 years old , i was supposed to figure out that governance may contradict the political campaigns that precede it .
obviously , elective office isn &apos;t a predictable course , as the opposing political party and random events , such as the newtown massacre , will shape our public conversation .
yet , of all of the examples that i have listed above , they largely seem to be of the administration &apos;s own choosing .
that is what troubles me most of all .
i voted for obama again in 2012 , but not because i was excited by his candidacy .
mitt romney presented a confusing and unrefined alternative who could not seem to lock down his policies or his positions .
i felt that a second term for obama , free from the pressures of future elections , would fulfill the hope that we had heard of for so long .
still , as obama &apos;s approval rating sank below 45 % this week , returning to 2008 through that book has become that much harder .
it makes me yearn for the many promises that disappeared .
this week i was reading the portion of the book describing how obama suffered a huge loss to clinton in the pennsylvania primary .
at a post-mortem campaign meeting , he told his staff that they needed to get back on track and stay true to the purpose of their cause .
&quot; i want us to get our mojo back , &quot; he said .
we &apos;ve got to remember who we are . &apos; 
it &apos;s five years later , mr. president , and i couldn &apos;t agree with you more .
the opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of nathaniel morris .
clive palmer claims pm tony abbott has conflict of interest over parental leave scheme
billionaire mp clive palmer says prime minister tony abbott has a conflict of interest over his parental leave scheme because his daughters might get pregnant and benefit from it .
the mining magnate , who is in a dispute about paying a $ 6 million carbon tax bill , made the claim as he tried to brush off questions about whether he had a conflict .
the palmer united party could control up to four votes in the senate that may be crucial in deciding if the carbon and mining taxes are axed .
but mr palmer claimed it was only ministers who could have a conflict of interest and said mr abbott &apos;s daughters stood to personally benefit from policies .
&quot; he &apos;s got a major conflict of interest when it comes to paid parental leave because if any of those daughters get pregnant , he &apos;ll have a direct interest whether they get leave or not , &quot; mr palmer said .
two months after the election , the electoral commission officially declared mr palmer the winner of the sunshine coast seat of fairfax by 53 votes , after a recount .
mr palmer called for overhaul of election counting to speed up the process .
tony abbott &apos;s daughters frances and bridget .
should this election be decided two months after we stopped voting ?
&quot; we need to have a better system , &quot; he said .
why is it that we shouldn &apos;t have a system where you can walk in , punch your details into a computer , vote immediately and have a result at 6.30 that night ?
mr palmer also criticised the use of pencils to mark ballots .
is it because they can rub out the result if someone doesn &apos;t like it ?
in this day and age having a pencil seems extraordinary .
the electoral commission has been studying options for electronic voting and recently released a joint discussion paper with new zealand .
mr palmer , 59 , said his policies included an international airport for the sunshine coast and he would take &quot; very seriously &quot; his new job .
public office is about public service .
&quot; we seek no reward , except the reward of history that we can at a critical time serve this community , &quot; he said .
rbs suspends two forex traders
royal bank of scotland has suspended two traders in its foreign exchange division according to two people familiar with the situation , in another sign that the global probe by regulators into the suspected manipulation of the currency market is rapidly gaining traction .
some of the world &apos;s largest banks , including ubs , barclays , deutsche bank and rbs , have confirmed they are co-operating with regulators in investigations into the world &apos;s largest financial market , where $ 5.3tn changes hands each day .
the two traders would be the first rbs employees to be suspended in the widening probe that echoes the libor interbank lending manipulation scandal .
the bank , which declined to comment on the suspensions , confirmed this month that it has received requests for information from regulators .
&quot; our ongoing inquiry into this matter continues and we are co-operating fully with the fca and our other regulators , &quot; the bank said two weeks ago .
last month , people close to the situation said that rbs had turned over records of emails and instant messages to the uk regulator , the financial conduct authority , sent to and from a former trader .
this trader , richard usher , left rbs in 2010 and is understand to have be given leave from his current position as european head of forex spot trading at jpmorgan .
rohan ramchandani , head of european spot trading at citi , went on leave this week , while matt gardiner , a former senior currencies trader at barclays and ubs , was suspended by standard chartered this week .
none of these traders have been accused of any wrongdoing .
mr usher &apos;s instant message group included bankers at barclays and citigroup , people close to the situation said .
ubs said this week it had taken action against some of its employees after the swiss regulator , finma , said it was investigating suspected manipulation of the foreign exchange market at a number of swiss banks .
at least six authorities globally - the european commission , finma , switzerland &apos;s competition authority weko , the fca , the department of justice in the us and the hong kong monetary authority - are looking at allegations that bankers colluded to move the currencies market .
hsbc , citigroup , jpmorgan and credit suisse have also launched internal probes or received requests for information from regulators , said people familiar with the situation .
banks are scouring through years &quot; worth of instant messages and emails to search for instances of wrongdoing .
news about the probes has rattled traders in an area that has been one of the bigger profit drivers of investment banks &apos; trading units in past years but which has been challenged this year as low volatility in currencies cuts opportunities for speculators .
some bankers have tried to play down the affair by saying the vast and highly liquid foreign exchange market is almost impossible to manipulate , but senior traders are saying this is not necessarily true .
a senior trader said that despite the huge volume of daily foreign exchange trading , the fragmentation of liquidity between different trading platforms and banks &quot; increasing use of their own internal platforms meant that &quot; you can start to get an impact on the market at quite small ticket prices . &quot;
the news came on the same day as credit suisse announced it had dismissed a trader at its london exchange traded funds desk this week after he had caused a nearly $ 6m loss late last year .
the bank promptly notified the relevant authorities and has been co-operating with its regulators .
&quot; we are confident the trader acted alone and that the matter has been contained , &quot; credit suisse said .
hoarding on the bechtle plot painted
a group belonging to the &quot; schweizer wiese &quot; citizen &apos;s initiative has given the hoarding on the bechtle plot on the spa promenade in bad herrenalb a face-lift .
in addition , they have cleaned and widened the footpath , a press release announced .
the planned covering of the dilapidated house to the rear of the plot was not permitted for safety reasons , as the premises were at risk of collapsing .
alfred abel , who currently manages the site , arranged the &apos; face-lift &apos; in cooperation with his colleague , reinhard domke , from the citizen &apos;s initiative .
before the citizen &apos;s initiative project , a banner with the message &quot; we are in favour &quot; was put up .
however , this did little to distract the 20 or so members of the citizen &apos;s initiative from their project .
their motto , on the large billboard stated &quot; we are against unfinished buildings &quot; .
in so doing they wanted to point out the danger of even bigger ruins on the schweizer wiese - should the huge project one day fail .
chatting with many people passing by the &quot; construction site &quot; , it became clear that many citizens believe the execution of the project would make things much better for the town , although many have the same questions as the citizen &apos;s initiative regarding the scale of the planned project .
however , they are beginning to resign themselves as the town continues to stall in providing answers , said a statement from the citizen &apos;s initiative .
we have now been told that the public statements made by the mayor are also having an impact .
in may , in the meeting of the town council , he said that he feared for the outcome of the spa should the population vote against the plans for a spa and wellness complex on the schweizer wiese in the local referendum .
some appear utterly frightened by it , others perceive it as a &quot; blatant attempt to blackmail &quot; the population , continued the press release from the citizen &apos;s initiative .
the citizen &apos;s initiative thanked those who donated paint and all those who lent a hand .
rangnick scolding for refs : mane is no diver
as satisfied as ralf rangnick is with the present winning form of the austrian bundesliga table-toppers , red bull salzburg , the sporting director of the &quot; bulls &quot; expressed equal disappointment with the referees .
&quot; there is currently a dangerous trend , with mane and alan being dubbed as &apos; divers &apos; , &quot; he said at a press conference in salburg on thursday , in defence of the two tricky offensive players .
the most recent cause for rangnick &apos;s criticism was the yellow card for mane at 3 : 0 against grödig last sunday , whereby the senegalese striker was penalised for supposed play acting - admittedly this was not justified , as shown by tv footage .
&quot; a blatant wrong decision , &quot; commented rangnick , who referred to harkam as being &quot; completely out of his depth &quot; .
harkam also played &quot; his part &quot; in the escalation between salzburg coach roger schmidt and grödig trainer adi hütter after the game .
he firmly defended his german compatriot : &quot; in each individual situation i would have behaved in the same way as roger schmidt &quot; .
schmidt himself did not wish to have any contact with his colleagues after the skirmish with hütter .
i do not know why .
&quot; after all , i was the one who was insulted , &quot; emphasised the 46-year-old .
however , with regard to the winning run , rangnick sang his team &apos;s praises .
&quot; there are only two words for it : really good , &quot; he stated .
there is not a lot you can criticise .
most of all , the manner in which the team is playing is impressive .
we must stay composed and keep it up .
there will hardly be any squad changes in the winter transfer window .
there is no major reason to change anything .
&quot; unless a player comes forward and expresses the desire to leave the club , &quot; explained rangnick .
supreme court upholds obama health care law
in a major victory for the obama administration , the us supreme court today ruled barack obama &apos;s signature health care law is constitutional .
by a 5-4 vote , the justices ruled the patient protection and affordable care act &apos;s individual mandate - which requires citizens to buy health insurance by 2014 or else pay a penalty - was constitutional under the taxing power of the government .
chief justice john roberts sided with the four more liberal members of the court while justices scalia , thomas , alito and kennedy dissented .
the court also upheld the remaining sections of the 2700 page law , and further held that the health care law &apos;s requirement that states increase medicaid eligibility or else lose all federal medicaid funding is not unconstitutionally coercive .
the suit to block the law was brought by 26 states and the national federation of independent business .
the law was vigorously opposed by each of the major republican presidential candidates during the 2012 primary season , including presumptive nominee mitt romney .
norway : norwegian village lights itself up with huge mirrors
using huge mirrors , the residents of a norwegian village have brought light to their dreary valley .
due to the low level of sunshine , from autumn until spring the village of rjukan in the vestfjord valley normally languishes in the shadows of the surrounding mountains .
with three gigantic mirrors , each 45 metres tall , a centuries-old dream came true on wednesday .
&quot; finally ! &apos; , raved mayor steinar bergsland at the inaugural ceremony , televised by broadcaster tv2 .
some valley residents lay back on sun loungers , while others safely put on their sunglasses .
up until now , those hungry for sunshine in the winter had to travel to a nearby peak by cable car .
ten years ago , local artist martin andersen presented the proposal of directing the sun into the valley using mirrors .
however , this basic idea had been talked of in the location since 1913 .
after several years of debate , the town council finally approved the project , which cost 5 million krone ( around eur 615,000 ) .
a similar construction has provided sunshine to the italian alpine resort of viganella for a number of years .
the post is hardly ever emptied on sundays
&quot; many citizens will not yet have noticed that red dots indicating a sunday post collection are still to be found on many post boxes in the town centre and its districts . however , if you read the small print on the yellow boxes operated by post ag , you will quickly find out that the boxes are no longer emptied on sundays and holidays , &quot; announced the fdp .
an inquiry by the fdp confirmed this .
only the post boxes in front of the post office building at ernst-ludwig-straße 36 and at jakob-müller-straße 1 in hüttenfeld are still emptied .
whether there are still sunday collections in hofheim and rosengarten is not addressed in the inquiry by the fdp .
the fdp spokesperson for social and youth-related affairs , fritz röhrenbeck wants to dig deeper into this .
the sunday collection is an important postal service , especially in the case of scheduled post .
&quot; the company is radically and unacceptably cutting back on this , despite the price increase for letters in january 2013 .
thomas bittner , liberal party parliamentary group and municipal association chairman , is supporting his fellow group members : &quot; what annoys me , is the fact that the collection times have been changed or cancelled on the quiet here &quot; .
in so doing , the postal service is miles off the mark when it comes to public accessibility .
&quot; at least the post boxes in the districts of neuschloß and rosengarten must still be emptied on sundays , &quot; said bittner and röhrenbeck in unison .
it is also the case for the town centre that those citizens in particular who are not mobile must also be able to access a post box with a sunday collection on foot .
in the town parliament , röhrenbeck asked whether the town council was planning discussions with the postal service regarding this matter .
mayor erich maier responded that the postal service had not communicated with lampertheim .
to the best of his knowledge , however , there is a sunday collection in hofheim .
their party has spoken out in favour of privatisation .
&quot; decisions will then be made elsewhere , &quot; said maier .
frankfurt parking fees to increase dramatically
parking in frankfurt could soon be noticeably more expensive .
the city magistrate today discussed a submission by the head of the department for transport , stefan majer ( green party ) .
according to the proposal , parking fees are to be increased by 50 per cent .
this increase will not , however , be the result of raised prices , but rather the fact that time interval permitted by parking meters and ticketing machines will be reduced from 30 to 20 minutes .
the city council must reach a decision on this in december .
the retail committee of the frankfurt chamber of industry and commerce believes that this is &quot; not a good idea &quot; .
the option of parking right outside their businesses is &quot; an advantage to smaller retailers that must not be underestimated . &quot; .
the verkehrsclub deutschland ( german traffic club ) is of the opinion that an increase after two decades is &quot; completely appropriate and actually long overdue &quot; .
local public transport will also become more expensive .
freudenstadt : quick moves take hosts by surprise
with a slender squad , the tsv freudenstadt herren i team ( men &apos;s first team ) stepped into the schiller school gymnasium in reutlingen to face tg gönningen of the swabian alb region .
the alb men stood on the other side of the net with what was undoubtedly a more experienced team .
however , it soon became evident that , due in part to their age , they could not really keep up with the fast pace of the freudenstadt team .
gönningen found it extremely difficult to cope with the hard and well-positioned offensive moves .
they repeatedly missed the passes and attacks coming cleanly over the net from simon schenk and eduard schulz and their blocking game was not up to scratch .
clear victories in the first two sets clearly demonstrated the superiority of the freudenstadt team in all areas .
faced with this overwhelming and match-determining performance , the third set was won following a somewhat tame and spiritless performance , for a final score of 3 : 0 ( 25 : 13 , 25 : 14 , 25 : 22 ) .
on 2 november , when they play tv baiersbronn , who managed a clear victory in nagold , they will step onto the court to face a much stronger opponent .
tsv freudenstadt i : dominik bäuerle , yannik büchle , sebastian dölker , felix pälchen , stefan räller , simon schenk and eduard schulz .
in the b class , two teams from baiersbronn and freudenstadt faced off in the murgtalhalle in baiersbronn .
they produced a hard-fought two-hour match .
nerves on both sides , particularly when receiving the ball , resulted in errors and lost points ; there was even a lack of passing at times and at some critical moments overeagerness saw potential points wasted .
however , in this evenly matched game , the great physical effort of marcus blasutto &apos;s tsv team proved decisive in spite of tremendous commitment by both teams .
maintenance day at the small &apos; engländerhütte&apos;
for what was then the fifth maintenance day in the follow-up to the natura 2000 project in upper hotzenwald , a group of dedicated participants met at the small engländerhütte ( englishman &apos;s cottage ) in ibach
following suggestions from the population , the of the valley in the area of the cottage was to be cleared , said mayor helmut kaiser .
according to kaiser , many hikers refer to this area as the showpiece of the schluchtensteig , where the landscape provides the ideal framework for fantastic views .
he thanked those present for their willingness to cooperate and emphasised that the maintenance day is a suitable instrument through which to strengthen the connection between people and nature ,
he is offering every citizen the opportunity to focus on nature itself .
at the same time as the tourist aspect , environmental aspects should also be taken into consideration .
this environmental aspect was explained by friederike tribukait of the department of nature conservation of the freiburg regional council , following the greeting by regional councillor tilman bollacher , who had taken on the role of patron and wished the campaign every success .
according to tribukait , the tourist objective of the vision coincided with the goal of preserving the now extremely overgrown old allmend grazing pasture , with its specific protected habitats , through its opening and connection to the still existing grazing land .
certain species , such as rare butterflies or grasshoppers , cannot get past barriers in the form of forest areas .
they require these clear pathways in order to preserve their species .
tribukait said that she did not want to fail to use this opportunity to say a word in defence of the planned biosphere area .
the current measures do not integrate seamlessly into these plans .
a biosphere area offers the chance for sustainable economic and ecological development on the basis of the internationally recognised unesco status , and thus offers an extension to what has been achieved thus far with the life project and the previous care days .
after the various statements , forest ranger christoph wehle and life project manager cornelia bischoff divided the helpers into groups .
the larger trees had been cut down in advance , although forest tractors were on-call if required .
one group of helpers were to take care of the clearance of juniper bushes and the maintenance of a dry stone wall .
the objective was to create a clear view at the viewpoint .
löffingen : köpfler still the only candidate
information online : although löffingen , the small town of baar , with its 7,514 residents , can be described as having an intact infrastructure , forward-looking school , youth and senior citizens policies and its own municipal energy companies , thus far no-one has registered as a second mayoral candidate .
so far , the only candidate to succeed mayor norbert brugger , who is no longer running on account of his age , is 46-year-old banker and business economist dieter köpfler from löffingen .
the deadline for applications is monday 11 november , at 6 : 00 p.m.
google , samsung , huawei sued over nortel patents
the group that owns thousands of former nortel patents filed a barrage of patent lawsuits on thursday against cell phone manufacturers including google , the company it outbid in the nortel bankruptcy auction .
rockstar , the consortium that bought the nortel patents for $ 4.5 billion , sued samsung electronics co ltd , htc corp , huawei and four other companies for patent infringement in u.s. district court in texas .
rockstar is jointly owned by apple , microsoft , blackberry , ericsson and sony .
google is accused of infringing seven patents .
the patents cover technology that helps match internet search terms with relevant advertising , the lawsuit said , which is the core of google &apos;s search business .
representatives for samsung , huawei , htc and rockstar could not immediately be reached .
samsung , huawei and htc all manufacture phones that operate on google &apos;s android operating system , which competes fiercely with apple and microsoft mobile products .
in 2011 google placed an initial $ 900 million bid for nortel &apos;s patents .
google increased its bid several times , ultimately offering as much as $ 4.4 billion .
after losing out to rockstar on the nortel patents , google went on to acquire motorola mobility for $ 12.5 billion , a deal driven partly by motorola &apos;s library of patents .
&quot; despite losing in its attempt to acquire the patents-in-suit at auction , google has infringed and continues to infringe , &quot; the lawsuit said .
rockstar is seeking increased damages against google , as it claims google &apos;s patent infringement is willful , according to the complaint .
egypt swears in first freely elected president
mohamed morsi takes the oath of office but his day of triumph is unlikely to mark end of political strife in egypt .
islamist mohamed morsi promised a &quot; new egypt &quot; as he took the oath of office to become the country &apos;s first freely elected president , succeeding hosni mubarak who was ousted 16 months ago .
at his inauguration before the supreme constitutional court , morsi also became the arab world &apos;s first freely elected islamist president and egypt &apos;s fifth head of state since the overthrow of the monarchy some 60 years ago .
he took the oath before the court &apos;s 18 black-robed judges in its nile-side seat built to resemble an ancient egyptian temple .
&quot; we aspire to a better tomorrow , a new egypt and a second republic , &quot; morsi said during a solemn ceremony shown live on state television .
&quot; today , the egyptian people laid the foundation of a new life - absolute freedom , a genuine democracy and stability , &quot; said morsi , a 60-year-old us-trained engineer from the muslim brotherhood , a fundamentalist group that has spent most of the 84 years since its inception as an outlawed organisation harshly targeted by successive governments .
hundreds of soldiers and policemen guarded the building as morsi arrived shortly after 11am local time in a small motorcade .
only several hundred supporters gathered outside the court to cheer the new president and , in a departure from the presidential pomp of the mubarak years , traffic was only briefly halted to allow his motorcade through on the usually busy road linking the city centre with its southern suburbs .
derided as the brotherhood &apos;s uncharismatic &quot; spare tyre , &quot; his personal prestige has surged since his victory and his delivery of a friday speech that tried to present him as a candidate not just of islamists but of all those who want to complete the work of the 2011 uprising against the authoritarian mubarak .
&quot; egypt today is a civil , national , constitutional and modern state , &quot; morsi , wearing a blue business suit and a red tie , told the judges in the wood-panelled chamber where he took the oath of office .
morsi later travelled to cairo university where he was to make his inauguration address .
he was given an official welcome by an army band that played the national anthem as he stood to attention .
military ruler field marshal hussein tantawi was in attendance .
his arrival was greeted with chants of , &quot; the army and the people are one hand , &quot; from the hundreds gathered in the university &apos;s main lecture room .
established in 1908 as a bastion of secular education , cairo university later became a stronghold of islamist student groups in the 1970s .
morsi took a symbolic oath on friday in tahrir square , birthplace of the uprising that ended mubarak &apos;s authoritarian rule last year , and vowed to reclaim presidential powers stripped from his office by the military council that took over from the ousted leader .
but by agreeing to take the official oath before the court , rather than before parliament as is customary , he is bowing to the military &apos;s will in an indication that the contest for power will continue .
morsi &apos;s speech in tahrir square was filled with dramatic populist gestures .
falkenberg club makes for two wonderful evenings .
the new season in the falkenberg &quot; blue velvet &quot; club has begun .
this friday evening , the &quot; pump this party &quot; event will be taking place , while one day later , on saturday evening , festivities will continue with an over-25s party .
fat beats and cool sounds are of course promised by the organisers on both nights .
worker falls from ladder : seriously injured
on thursday , a 51-year-old worker in eggelsberg fell from a ladder while replacing a broken external sensor and was seriously injured .
the man from lamprechtshausen wanted to replace a broken heating sensor on the external facade of a guest house .
as he was climbing the ladder , which was resting on the roof guttering , it slipped away and the man fell onto the concrete below .
he suffered serious injuries and was taken by the &quot; christophorus 6 &quot; rescue helicopter to the salzburg regional hospital .
rapist in south africa : two life sentences
nine months after the brutal rape and mutilation of a 17-year-old girl in south africa , the perpetrator was condemned to two life sentences on friday .
this was reported by broadcaster sabc .
the victim later died as a result of the serious injuries .
johannes kana had already been found guilty of the crime at the start of the week .
the crime had caused nationwide horror .
the then 21-year-old had raped anene booysen in february in an industrial estate in bredasdorp , near capetown .
for 14 hours , doctors battled to save the life of the victim , ultimately in vain .
the sight of the young girl was so horrific that the carers and nursing staff required psychological support .
during the trial , kana admitted to having been in a bar with booysen on the night of the attack .
he also admitted to beating and raping her , however he denied being responsible for the death of the girl .
the police had initially assumed that there were multiple attackers , however , they released two suspects from custody as the evidence against them was insufficient .
during the proceedings the public prosecution also emphasised that they were convinced that kana was alone at the time of the attack .
rapes are almost part of everyday life in south africa : there are around 64,000 reports of sexual assault every year .
this is almost ten times as many as in germany , although with a population of 82 million people , germany has a much higher number of residents than south africa ( 50 million ) .
police and women &apos;s associations in south africa , however , estimate the number of unreported cases of sexual assault to be 10-25 times as high .
jumbo visits the home of black forest ham
jumbo on the search for the &quot; world &apos;s best ham &quot; : for the tv programme &quot; galileo &quot; , the pro7 star visited bonndorf .
the presenter established one thing right from the outset : the most important thing when it comes to ham are the legs of pork - turbo fattening does not provide a good basis for this .
can ham bought in a supermarket be as good as a quality product ?
uli , boss of the large ham factory in schwarzwald , explained to jumbo how the bonndorf company , &quot; adler &quot; , operates .
&quot; germany &apos;s most-loved ham , &quot; said jumbo , presenting the black forest ham .
he could only enter the factory when wearing hair protection and a white coat .
jumbo also had to first disinfect his hands before he could reach for the microphone .
jumbo seen getting something to keep him going at a fast food restaurant in waldshut
&quot; here they work with huge quantities , &quot; commented the television producers , astonished by the mass production of black forest ham .
16,000 joints of meat per week speak for themselves .
weight , fat content and colour : uli explained what was required for the best quality .
the majority of the pigs are slaughtered at six months old .
television with standards ?
even specific details such as the ph value of the meat play a role .
the darker the meat , the higher the ph value .
&quot; i would be curious what would happen if you were to measure roberto blanco , &quot; said jumbo cynically .
here the standard of private television production is presented in its purest form .
nonetheless , it is worth watching .
the viewer sees that joints are still carved by hand .
after all : black forest ham traditionally arrives on the shelf boneless .
the secret of the ham is the mix of herbs combined with salt .
the appearance of the smoking tower and furnace remind jumbo of a submarine .
the trick : here fir branches in the smoker provide the special flavour of black forest ham .
after 20 days in the smoke , the ham is finally almost black .
&quot; and now the slice will disappear inside jumbo , &quot; he said , announcing his sampling of the product .
&quot; that is really delicious , &quot; said the tv star in conclusion .
all those involved will be happy with that evaluation .
thought travel agents were a thing of the past thanks to the internet ?
flight centre seem to be bucking the trend .
the company has upgraded its full year profit forecast and is looking to record earnings from holidaymakers in australia and the united kingdom .
the travel company now expects its full year underlying profit before tax to be between $ 325 million and $ 340 million , compared with the $ 305 million to $ 315 million it previously forecast .
if the current guidance is achieved it will represent a 12 to 17 per cent growth on the record $ 290.4 million profit it achieved in 2011 / 12 .
managing director graham turner said flight centre had made 8 per cent profit in the first half and had started the second half strongly especially in australian and uk non-business travel .
&quot; year-to-date , our 10 countries are profitable and several are on track for record full-year earnings before interest and tax contributions , &quot; he said .
this includes australia and the united kingdom , which are typically our largest profit generators .
in australia the leisure business rebounded during the second half which offset a slightly weaker domestic corporate travel market .
similarly in the uk , flight centre &apos;s leisure business performed well while corporate clients were spending less .
its us business had recovered its losses during its seasonally weaker first half and was expected to deliver its third consecutive full year profit .
flight centre shares were up 3c at $ 38.20 yesterday .
schools urged to focus more on maths , spelling and grammar
english literature courses will require pupils to study at least one shakespeare play , a 19th century novel , romantic poetry and contemporary british fiction from 1914 onwards .
the exam will also feature &quot; unseen texts &quot; to encourage wider reading ;
a combined english literature and language course will be scrapped .
from 2015 , pupils will be required to take a standalone gcse in language , with strong incentives to choose english literature as a separate qualification .
the department for education is due to release the new syllabuses in english and maths tomorrow - the first subjects to undergo a radical overhaul .
it will make changes in other core subjects next year .
in a separate move , ofqual , the exams regulator , will unveil a shake-up of the structure of gcses , with a new grading system and less coursework .
speaking in the summer , michael gove , the education secretary , said there was a &quot; widespread consensus that we need to reform our examination system to restore public confidence , &quot; insisting gcses would be &quot; more challenging , more ambitious and more rigorous . &quot;
studies show that english schools devote less time to maths - 116 hours a year or three hours a week during term time - than in most countries .
by comparison , australian schools provide an average of 143 hours a year and pupils do around 138 hours in singapore .
while there will be no formal requirement to devote more of the timetable to maths , coalition sources said the extensive maths gcse - combined with more weighting for the subject in league tables - was likely to encourage schools to provide extra teaching .
the syllabus will place a greater focus on &quot; real world problems , &quot; including financial mathematics .
beautiful animals and delicious tarts entice
the most beautiful rabbits of various breeds and colourings will be presented at the district exhibition this weekend in the community centre .
the evaluations were already made on thursday .
once again , the w514 local association are organising this large exhibition .
here breeders from the clubs in the district of soest will be exhibiting their best animals , while young private individuals from wickeder are also showing their rabbits .
on thursday , six adjudicators assessed the numerous rabbits and were able to assign awards to the exceptional animals .
the visitors to the show will be kept well informed , with the evaluations of all animals posted on their cages .
mayor hermann arndt will be officially opening the exhibition at 14 : 30 .
the rabbit show will , however , be open to all visitors from 10 : 00 a.m. on saturday and from 10 : 00 a.m. until 3 : 30 p.m. on sunday , which will be followed by the prize ceremony .
guests are also invited to take part in a tombola with impressive prizes and to sample some delicious food from the cafeteria .
pamela anderson chops off those iconic blonde locks , debuts dramatic new pixie cut .
pam &apos;s blonde locks were made famous by her role in sexy tv show baywatch .
pamela anderson is the latest celebrity to shock fans with a dramatic new hairdo .
the ex-baywatch babe has ditched her long blonde locks in favour of a platinum pixie crop .
the 46-year-old actress revealed her latest look while out and about in la on wednesday and shared a snap on her twitter page .
it &apos;s the first time in 20 years that the blonde beauty has had short hair , and we &apos;re loving the demure change .
what do you think about pammy &apos;s hair ?
share with us your thoughts in the comments below .
salem : johanna rahner at the ecumenical discussion forum
at the next ecumenical discussion forum on monday 21 october , in the neues museum des schlosses ( new castle museum ) , the focus will be on the topic of &quot; to hell with hell - theological reflections on how we now approach the notion of end times &quot; .
the speaker will be johanna rahner .
the ecumenical discussion forum is an initiative of the catholic and protestant churches in salem , the salem castle and the lake constance district cultural office .
at the forum , johanna rahner wants to address the question of how people today view the &quot; end times &quot; after death .
while people in past centuries were overly conscious of it , focusing on the pictures of heaven and hell &quot; that up until now have defined our ideas &quot; , contemporary prophetic teaching on the hope of consummation is characterised more by a certain bashfulness , or even speechlessness .
&quot; the greater hope has been well and truly cast out of christians by religious critics , &quot; said the speaker .
they have &quot; provided us with so many question marks , that we seem to have lost our exclamation marks &quot; .
johanna rahner continued : &quot; however , the crucial challenge to this remains fear of death &quot; .
associated with this is the matter of that longing , &quot; that dreams that everything will be good at the end &quot; .
johanna rahner , born in 1962 in baden-baden , studied catholic theology and biology from 1982 to 1989 at the albert ludwig &apos;s university in freiburg .
in 1997 she graduated as a doctor of theology , also in freiburg .
a post-doctoral lecturing qualification in fundamental theology and ecumenical theology followed in 2003 at the westfalian wilhelm &apos;s university .
since 2010 , johanna rahner has occupied a chair for systematic theology in the institute for catholic theology at the university of kassel .
geislingen : more than 100 young catholics from kleiner heuberg stand together in the confirmation of their profession of faith
in two services , 101 15 and 16-year-olds from the am kleinen heuberg pastoral care unit were confirmed .
in the morning , the service was accompanied by the laudato-si group , while the afternoon service featured &apos; the spirit &apos; youth choir .
upon receiving the confirmation sacrament , the young people accepted their baptism and asked for the power of the holy spirit .
over recent months those being confirmed , under the direction of deacon reiner dehner and the assistance of several church members , have been preparing for the special day .
in various projects , they learned of the different tasks involved in christian church life and attended the youth day in untermachtal together .
illmensee : second mountain bike race enthuses participants
in fantastic weather , 214 cyclists came to illmensee to take on the circuit , over the hills and around the lake .
this was announced by ulrich knobel of the organising illmensee sports club .
among the participants there were also numerous amateur cyclists who wanted the chance to practice their hobby in a competitive environment , in particular over the short distance of 15 kilometres with a 300 metre climb .
two top-class junior cyclists were also in the starting line-up for the competition : felix bader from bad waldsee and pascal treubel from aach-linz came with the recommendation of having achieved good positions at the german championships .
the pair managed to break away from the field in keeping with expectations .
as was the case the previous year , felix bader managed to hold on to a small lead right to the end and defended his title as the overall winner of the short distance race
once again , pascal treubel took second place .
in the ladies &apos; race it was theresa duelli of team albtraum who managed to take top place on the podium .
in second and third places were anne adel from illmensee and leonie treiber from owingen .
the increasing number of riders that live or work in the area is a fantastic development .
and it was not only about top performance - the entire range of athletic ability was represented .
participants &apos; ages were also wide-ranging , with the youngest starters at ten years old up to the oldest at over 70 .
this year , there were even more absolute top athletes at the starting line for the main race .
four cyclists managed to break away from the top regional racers .
these included philipp pangerl , a semi-professional mountain biker from the black tusk racing team .
together with a team mate , pangerl has already twice been crowned world champion in the 12-hour race .
this year he became european champion in this special discipline .
also competing was roland ballerstedt , who has already claimed two german duathlon championships .
after 45 kilometres and a climb of 900 metres , the leading riders were neck and neck on the final straight in front of the drei-seen-hall .
pangerl sped over the finish line in first place .
only one second later , the experienced ballerstedt managed to take second place in the overall standings .
hermann and warthmann then reached the finish line simultaneously to take joint third in the overall standings .
in the ladies &apos; race , christiane cohsmann achieved the fastest time in the main race .
areane blersch from binzwangen took second place , ahead of natascha werner from stuttgart .
athletes and assistants seemed very satisfied with the smooth and well-organised running of the event .
trekking through mud , rivers and jungle to provide free medical care
dr. georges bwelle is bringing free health care to rural villages in cameroon
bwelle and his team spend almost every weekend seeing hundreds of patients
there aren &apos;t many doctors in the west african country ; just one for every 5,000 people
cast your vote here or through your mobile device
dr. georges bwelle is one of the top 10 cnn heroes of 2013 .
you can vote for him , or any of the other top 10 heroes , to be cnn hero of the year .
that person will receive $ 250,000 to continue their extraordinary work .
for 21 years , georges bwelle watched his ill father slip in and out of consciousness , traveling to hospitals that weren &apos;t equipped to help him .
jamef bwelle was injured in a 1981 car accident near yaounde , cameroon &apos;s capital .
he suffered only a broken arm at first , but an infection developed and spread to his brain , creating a hematoma that would affect him for the rest of his life .
&quot; there were no neurosurgeons in cameroon , &quot; georges bwelle said .
we would have taken him out of cameroon if we had the money .
instead , bwelle spent years escorting his father to overcrowded clinics and hospitals , getting whatever treatment they could get .
&quot; it &apos;s not easy , &quot; bwelle said .
you can leave home at 5 a.m. , running to the hospital to be the first , and you are not the first .
there are a lot of patients .
some people can die because they are waiting .
the situation hasn &apos;t changed much since bwelle &apos;s father passed away in 2002 .
in cameroon , there is only one doctor for every 5,000 people , according to the world health organization .
for comparison &apos;s sake , the ratio in the united states is one doctor for every 413 people .
and even if they could see a physician , many cameroonians couldn &apos;t afford it .
two out of five people in the country live below the poverty line , and nearly three-quarters of the country &apos;s health-care spending is private .
&quot; the only problem they have is poverty , &quot; bwelle said .
and with poverty , they cannot enjoy their life .
seeing his father and so many of his countrymen suffer , bwelle was determined to do something about it .
dr. georges bwelle and his team of volunteers have performed 700 free surgeries in the past year .
he became a doctor himself , working as a vascular surgeon in yaounde &apos;s central hospital .
and he started a nonprofit , ascovime , that travels into rural areas on weekends to provide free medical care .
since 2008 , he and his group of volunteers have helped nearly 32,000 people .
almost every friday , he and up to 30 people jam into vans , tie medical supplies to the roofs and travel across rough terrain to visit villages in need .
their luck doesn &apos;t always hold out .
they &apos;ve had to push vehicles through rivers and mud more than once .
but when they arrive , they receive a true heroes &apos; welcome : a feast , singing and dancing , and the best accommodations the community can offer .
in these villages , free medical care is truly a cause for celebration , and bwelle -- with his big smile and boundless energy -- is more than happy to join in the fun .
the next morning , the team begins meeting with hundreds of patients .
&quot; we are receiving 500 people in each trip , &quot; bwelle said .
they are coming from 60 kilometers around the village , and they &apos;re coming on foot .
each of these weekend clinics provides a variety of medical care .
many people are treated for malaria , tuberculosis , malnutrition , diabetes , parasites and sexually transmitted diseases .
others might receive crutches , a pair of donated eyeglasses or free birth certificates -- documentation that &apos;s required for school but that many impoverished families simply can &apos;t afford .
in the evenings , the team will do simple surgeries with local anesthesia .
operations are usually done in a schoolhouse , town hall or home ; after the procedure , patients get up and walk to the recovery area to make way for the next person .
with the group &apos;s generator lighting the operating room and sanitizing equipment , bwelle and his volunteers work into the early hours of sunday morning .
it &apos;s a backbreaking pace , but village musicians usually help keep the team motivated .
&quot; they are beating drums all night to keep us awake and continue our work , &quot; bwelle said .
on sunday , the team heads back to the city , tired but proud of their work .
the group -- a mix of cameroonian doctors and foreign medical students -- has performed 700 free surgeries in the past year , and they know that their help can make a world of difference to those they help .
one man explained that the free hernia surgery he &apos;d received will allow him to work again .
&quot; this will change my future with my family , &quot; the man said .
in addition to holding these weekend clinics and working as a hospital surgeon , bwelle also works nights at private medical clinics around yaounde .
it &apos;s this second job , he said , that funds about 60 % of his nonprofit ; the rest is covered by private donations .
&quot; i &apos;m not sure when he sleeps , &quot; said katie o &apos;malley , a second-year medical student from drexel university in philadelphia and volunteer with bwelle &apos;s group .
he is always either at the hospital or trying to make money for the organization so he can go on these campaigns .
for medical and nursing students such as o &apos;malley , who come from the united states and europe to join bwelle on his missions , it &apos;s a hands-on opportunity they &apos;d never get at home .
&quot; we &apos;ve been able to scrub in on surgeries where we help blot blood away or hold tools for dr. bwelle , &quot; o &apos;malley said .
that &apos;s not something you &apos;d ever get to do in america as a second-year medical student .
the student volunteers usually pay their own way to cameroon , often arriving with donated medical supplies .
but once they arrive in yaounde , their board , transportation and instruction are covered by bwelle .
&quot; he &apos;s a hero , without a doubt , &quot; o &apos;malley said .
he gives his life to this organization , and his desire to help the cameroon people is everlasting .
for bwelle , the near-constant workload isn &apos;t a hardship .
helping others live happier lives , fulfilling a promise he made to his father , is something that brings him great joy .
&quot; i am so happy when i am doing this work , &quot; bwelle said .
and i think about my father .
i hope he sees what i am doing .
to make people laugh , to reduce the pain , that &apos;s why i &apos;m doing this .
check out the ascovime website and see how to help .
mastering the struggle to perfection .
the role of santiago , the old man in hemingway &apos;s novel &quot; the old man and the sea &quot; , is perfectly suited to horst janson .
janson is an old hand himself when it comes to his profession , the art of acting .
the old man , santiago , is the best there is when it comes to fishing .
as such , the pair complement one another superbly .
you almost think that you can see the folds in the old man &apos;s neck , of which young fisherman manolo speaks .
when santiago sits arched over on the chair , tired of life , this is a genuine emotion for janson .
furthermore , the role of the old fisherman is a character role , through and through , which janson masters excellently .
hemingway told the story of a fighter , a courageous man who doesn &apos;t give up and who ultimately wins the battle against the fish as a result of his knowledge and his strong will .
for long periods , janson is the only performer on the stage .
he manages to focus the audience &apos;s attention on himself , with the result that his monologues never become boring , not even for just a moment .
his efforts to finally pull the fish to the surface of the water are so genuine that members of the audience forget that the sea in question consists merely of water bottles , illuminated in blue .
director jens hasselmann has the old man in the boat perform in front of fischerdorf .
during the course of the performance he has the respective active scene illuminated . santiago &apos;s cabin and the bar of singer marie-luise gunst , who sings of the cuban lifestyle , with your songs and beautiful voice .
the four musicians accompany with cuban rhythms and guests at the bar at the same time .
tourism : descent to the romans
beneath cologne , a sewage channel from roman times , measuring around 120 metres in length , has been preserved .
anyone visiting cologne cannot miss the cathedral .
the two towers , measuring around 157 metres , extend into the heavens , making it europe &apos;s second tallest church building .
however , only a few visitors who marvel at the two ornate church towers realise that there is much to discover beneath the cathedral .
rainer schulze is an expert when it comes to the cologne underworld .
the meeting point for his tours is the cologne tourism service centre , right at the cathedral .
the tour begins in a somewhat unspectacular fashion : &quot; we begin in the underground car park , &quot; says schulze .
in the 1970s , the city fathers wanted a car-friendly city , and therefore the only sections of the old city wall that remain are those that were not too tall .
the majority of the users of the parking garage therefore now hurry past the roman relics and simply drop off their car .
however , anyone who takes a closer look on parking level d2 will discover an archaeological site , cordoned off by metal railings .
ruins measuring five metres tall , made from stones around the size of the palm of your hand , are waiting to be discovered .
&quot; these are remnants of the roman city wall , which was built in the second half of the first century a.d , &quot; explains schulze .
before returning to daylight , schulze has participants take a glance into a dark , 15-metre shaft on the upper parking level .
this is the well of the old cathedral , which is barely noticed at all these days .
the next stop on the tour is the praetorium , where participants once again descend to the depths .
here we find the residence of what was once the most powerful man to the north of the alps , the praetor of the ccaa .
one visitor wants to know what ccaa means .
&quot; the abbreviation stands for &quot; colonia claudia ara agrippinensium &quot; , which is basically amounts to &quot; city under roman law and city of the agrippinians , founded under emperor claudius at the site of the altars for the imperial cult &quot; .
and the praetorium refers to the former governor &apos;s palace and the centre of power of the roman empire on the rhine .
from the exhibition vestibule , a tunnel leads to the preserved roman sewer , measuring around 120 metres in length .
&quot; if you want you can take a peaceful stroll along a section of the so-called cloaca maxima , &quot; says schulze , encouraging the guests .
schulze has one more surprise .
once he has collected the key from the information desk , he leads the group to a 16-metre , accessible shaft .
&quot; we are now in the mikwe , a ritual jewish bath , &quot; he explains .
the jewish congregation built their bath deep into the ground in order to reach the groundwater essential for ritual washing .
to this day the differing water levels caused by the varying levels of the rhine can be read at the lower end of the mikwe , the origins of which trace back to the eighth century .
the mikwe is to form part of an archaeological area at the town hall square , on which construction work is set to begin shortly .
however , it will be a few years before it is complete .
leg almost hacked off : rocker retrial
a bloody attack within the &apos; rocker &apos; scene is to be re-investigated after more than four years .
proceedings for attempted murder , grievous bodily harm and material damage , brought against two 30-year-olds have begun before the frankfurt district court .
they are being accompanied by strict security precautions .
the accused initially remained silent .
they are said to have been active within the rocker scene and to have at the time belonged to the bandidos .
the public prosecutor accused them of having stabbed and beaten three men in a car in finowfurt , together with unknown accomplices .
all the victims were seriously injured , with one man almost losing a leg .
the victims were said to have belonged to the competing gang , the hell &apos;s angels .
one is said to have been a high-ranking member from berlin .
it seems that the attack was preceded by a car chase involving several cars .
according to accusations , this was part of a turf war and represented a demonstration of power .
the two accused were acquitted in an initial trial at the beginning of 2012 .
at the time , a speaker for the court said that it could not be proven that the men had actually been involved in the bloody feud .
the assailants had worn masks and had not been recognised .
the federal supreme court repealed the verdict following an appeal by the public prosecutor &apos;s office and referred the case back to the district court for a re-trial .
one of the accused is currently serving time in an open prison on account of another offence .
proceedings initially mainly involved the reconstruction of the series of events on the night of the crime .
the police inspector responsible at the time was invited as a witness .
the central point of focus was on mobile phone conversations between the accused and third parties , which the police had intercepted .
what makes things difficult is that rockers almost always observe what they consider to be complete silence appearing before the court - they say absolutely nothing .
this also applies in the case of the victims .
in the first trial , only one of the victims spoke out .
when asked , public prosecutor stefan golfier of the frankfurt ( oder ) public prosecutor &apos;s office said that new evidence had come to light since the previous trial .
a further eleven days of proceedings have been scheduled for the trial .
the throwaway society does not think
the night was long , the music loud and the atmosphere good , but at some point everyone has to go home .
except : in the stomachs of those in the passenger and back seats , hunger strikes .
of course , this may be down to the odd cocktail or glass of bubbly !
so what could be more natural than to casually pull into the next drive-through to pick yourself up a little treat ?
i admit , i am right with you with it comes to picking up some fast food late at night , or early in the morning as the case may be .
a few chips , a coke , a burger - and then straight home and into bed !
however , on the way home the clear differences between me and other hungry clubbers become evident .
what is wrong with people who continually throw their fast food bags out of the car window ? !
at the weekend in particular , discarded paper bags can be found at the side of the road and in car parks .
&quot; why is this ? &quot; i ask myself .
are the people too stupid to take their bags home or throw them into the nearest rubbish bin ?
after all , waste paper does more than spoil the landscape .
bags have also been seen covering transport facilities such as crash barriers , thus causing accidents .
however , the so-called &quot; throwaway society &quot; does not think about such things . they probably do not even know what the term even means .
if you are often out and about in the evening , more often than not with several people in the car , you will know what a back seat can look like after having partied through the night : clothes , bottles and other rubbish begin to pile up .
a few bags won &apos;t make much of a difference there - in contrast to on the street where no-one wants to trample through other peoples &apos; leftover food .
i can see the day coming when towns and municipalities will get fed up clearing up - and the fast food chains will have to operate a deposit scheme for their bags .
obama &apos;s health care walk back
amid a firestorm of criticism , president obama yesterday walked back his oft-repeated , unambiguous promise that &quot; if you like your health plan , you can keep it . &quot;
with hundreds of thousands receiving cancellation notices from their providers , republicans have slammed the president in recent days for misleading the american public .
yesterday , obama tweaked his original pledge .
&quot; for the vast majority of people who have health insurance that works , you can keep it , &quot; he said in a speech in boston .
addressing what he called the &quot; flurry in the news &quot; about the cancellations , obama urged americans receiving these notices to shop for new coverage in the marketplace .
most people are going to be able to get better , comprehensive health care plans for the same price or even cheaper than projected .
&quot; you &apos;re going to get a better deal , &quot; he said .
the administration has said it should come as no surprise that the 5 percent of the population who purchase insurance on their own may be forced to switch plans because their coverage doesn &apos;t meet the new standards required under the affordable care act .
&quot; let me say directly to these americans : you deserve better , &quot; sebelius said in testimony before the house energy and commerce committee in washington .
sebelius , who is overseeing implementation of the affordable care act , said the launch of the online marketplace has gone &quot; miserably &quot; since october .
&quot; i am as frustrated and angry as anyone , &quot; she said .
i am eager to earn your confidence back .
an exasperated sebelius uttered that phrase , caught by a hot mic , to an aide seated behind her at yesterday &apos;s house hearing following a contentious exchange with rep. billy long , r-mo . , over whether she should be required to enroll in obamacare .
more than three hours into the hearing , long repeatedly pressed sebelius on why the &quot; architect &quot; of the affordable care act has not voluntarily forgone government-sponsored insurance to purchase a plan through healthcare.gov , which she is now pitching to millions of americans .
the government in jerusalem fails to confirm an attack on the syrian airforce base
on thursday , an american government official , who wished to remain anonymous , made a statement to american news broadcaster cnn , stating that israeli fighter planes had attacked an airforce base in the syrian town of latakia the day before .
the target was &quot; missiles and related equipment &quot; , which the israeli government feared were intended for the lebanese hezbollah , according to cnn .
the syrian and lebanese media , as well as arabic broadcaster al-arabiya , had previously reported that the base in the port town of latakia was fired upon during the night from wednesday to thursday , and the israelis were identified as the responsible party .
israeli television broadcaster channel 2 showed satellite images of the base in latakia , in which russian s-125 newa-type defence missiles and a battery of sa-3 missiles could be seen , which according to channel 2 have a range of 35 kilometres and can transport warheads weighing up to 70 kilograms .
unsure , the government in jerusalem has not officially confirmed the attack .
however , press agency reuters has also quoted an anonymous israeli government official as saying that he believed that israel had carried out the attack , but was not sure .
in any case , a spokesperson for the israeli ministry of defence said : &quot; we are not commenting on these reports &quot; .
journalist ron ben-yishai , writing for daily newspaper yedioth ahronoth , emphasised that the syrian regime had already previously attempted , in some cases successfully , to deliver ground to air missiles to hezbollah .
the israeli government had previously repeatedly warned that any attempt by syria to supply hezbollah with chemical or other dangerous weapons would be crossing a &quot; red line &quot; , which would result in a military response .
john kerry says us spying has &quot; reached too far inappropriately &quot; in unprecedented admission
john kerry has indicated a softening of the u.s &apos;s defensive stance on its surveillance programmes with an unprecedented admission that on occasions its spying has &quot; reached too far inappropriately . &quot;
the secretary of state also admitted that he &apos;d been guilty , along with barack obama , of being on &quot; automatic pilot &quot; as incendiary revelations from whistleblower edward snowden about the nsa &apos;s spying activities emerged .
the leaks have put the us government at the centre of a diplomatic storm with its allies .
speaking to an open government conference in london via video link , mr kerry said : &quot; there is no question that the president and i and others in government have actually learned of some things that had been happening on an automatic pilot because the ability has been there , going back to world war two and to the very difficult years of the cold war , and then , of course , 9 / 11 . &quot;
he then became the first high-ranking member of the u.s government to admit that us spying had crossed the line , but emphasised that no one &apos;s rights had been abused .
he said : &quot; in some cases , it has reached too far inappropriately . &quot;
and the president is determined to try to clarify and make clear for people and is now doing a thorough review in order that nobody will have the sense of abuse .
i assure you innocent people are not being abused in this process .
mr kerry insisted , however , that the nsa was a force for good and that its surveillance operations had saved many lives .
he added : &quot; we &apos;re dealing in a new world where people are willing to blow themselves up . &quot;
there is radical extremism in the world that is hell-bent and determined to try to kill people and blow people up and attack governments .
so what if you were able to intercept that and stop it before it happens ?
we have actually prevented airplanes from going down , buildings from being blown up , and people from being assassinated because we &apos;ve been able to learn ahead of time of the plans .
meanwhile , u.s. lawmakers will head to europe to help address concerns abroad about alleged u.s. spying and convince the europeans of the need to continue joint anti-terrorism efforts with the u.s. , the chairman of a senate subcommittee on european affairs said on thursday .
senator chris murphy of connecticut said he spoke with european parliament members and others this week and is concerned about their threats to stop participating in anti-terrorist organizations because of frustration over surveillance by the national security agency .
&quot; it &apos;s really important for u.s. national security interests for europeans to stay on board with us with respect to our mutual anti-terrorism endeavors , &quot; murphy , a first-term democrat and chairman of the senate foreign relations subcommittee on european affairs , said in an interview from washington .
and i &apos;m going to europe to make it clear to them that we need to continue to work together in combatting terrorism , notwithstanding their anger over these nsa programs .
news reports that the nsa swept up millions of phone records in europe have frayed relations with some u.s. allies , though the agency &apos;s chief said this week that they were inaccurate and reflected a misunderstanding of metadata that nato allies collected and shared with the united states .
other revelations cited documents leaked by snowden that the nsa monitored german chancellor angela merkel &apos;s cellphone and those of up to 34 other world leaders .
the national intelligence director , james clapper , defended spying on allies as necessary and said it &apos;s commonplace on both sides .
amid the uproar , murphy said his office is arranging the congressional trip , expected to take place this year , and hopes the delegation will include members of both parties and both chambers .
names of other participating lawmakers were to be released in coming days .
he said the itinerary is still being worked out .
while murphy said the purpose of the trip is to help improve relationships , he said some &quot; tough love &quot; will also be dispensed .
he said european leaders need to be honest with their own people about the kind of espionage programs they &apos;ve used for years themselves .
&quot; while we can amend our surveillance programs to better protect the rights of europeans , they also need to come to terms with the fact that we &apos;re not the only ones that are out there spying , &quot; murphy said .
meanwhile , mr kerry is scheduled to head this weekend to the middle east and poland to address rancor over u.s. strategies in the syria , egypt and iran as well as u.s. surveillance activities .
a stubborn ankle injury threatens to prevent the deployment of nicolai müller in the fsv mainz &apos;s bundesliga away match at fc augsburg .
mainz are concerned regarding the availability of nicolai müller .
tomorrow he will attempt to train with the team .
up until now he has only managed individual training .
&quot; we will shortly make a decision regarding whether he will play , &quot; said manager thomas tuchel .
the 40 year-old hopes to have his best striker ( with six goals ) in the team .
mainz are already without the injured key players niki zimling , julian baumgartlinger and niko bungert .
australian woman appeals thai jail time
a 21-year-old sydney woman sentenced to 15 days jail in phuket for falsely claiming she was assaulted by a taxi driver is appealing the verdict and has been granted bail .
stevie rochelle bamford was initially found guilty by a phuket provincial court on june 15 of making false claims after telling thai police a local taxi driver , with two other men restraining her , carried out the assault in the early hours of sunday june 10 .
however , cctv footage later revealed she had returned to her hotel safely after becoming separated from her australian boyfriend .
phuket police interviewed bamford for two days before she confessed to fabricating the story .
she was held in local police cells before the court hearing .
bamford was sentenced to serve the 15-day prison term at a low security detention centre on the outskirts of phuket rather than in an adult women &apos;s jail .
she is the daughter of former australian league player peter tunks , who has appealed to the department of foreign affairs in canberra to assist his daughter .
tunks told sydney &apos;s sunday telegraph the whole family was &quot; extremely concerned &quot; about his daughter &apos;s welfare and wanted her back in australia .
&quot; it &apos;s obviously been a worrying time but we &apos;re hopeful to have her back home safely as soon as possible , &quot; tunks said .
bamford is appealing the sentence and has been granted bail of 50,000 baht .
reports in australia said that in the meantime , she was holidaying at the resort area of krabi in southern thailand .
thai-based legal sources said bamford was being represented by a local lawyer in phuket but warned that the appeal may lead to the court increasing her sentence by up to two years and forcing her to serve it in an adult prison .
however , following the recent murder of australian travel agent michelle smith in phuket , thailand may also be looking to repair its battered tourist image , leading to an acquittal .
prague stock market falls to minus by the end of the trading day
after a sharp drop in the morning , the prague stock market corrected its losses .
transactions with stocks from the czech energy enterprise ( čez ) reached nearly half of the regular daily trading .
the prague stock market immediately continued its fall from monday at the beginning of tuesday &apos;s trading , when it dropped by nearly six percent .
this time the fall in stocks on wall street is responsible for the drop .
the reaction of the market to the results of the vote in the american house of representatives , which refused to support the plan for the stabilization of the financial sector there , has manifested itself here as well .
stocks fall in asia
stocks in the asian markets experienced a dramatic drop on tuesday , even though the indexes ultimately erased a part of the losses during the day .
the hang seng index of the hong kong stock exchange wrote off nearly four percent during the day , but later it erased a part of the losses and reduced the decrease to roughly 2.5 percent .
the hang seng china enterprises index , which follows the movement of chinese stocks on the stock market in hong kong , dropped by 3.8 percent , in shanghai the markets were closed .
stocks on the market in sydney lost more than five percent , but ultimately lowered their losses to 4.3 percent .
the stock exchange in taiwan dropped by 3.6 percent according to the local index .
&quot; the timing of the bailout action in the usa is uncertain and it will influence financial markets all over the world , &quot; remarked the head of the hong kong currency board , joseph yam .
despite the fact that it is a part of china , hong kong determines its currency policy separately , that is , without being dependent on the chinese central bank .
hong kong has interest rates at the same level as the united states .
american legislators should quickly return to their negotiations and approve the bill to support the financial system , according to australian prime minister kevin rudd .
otherwise there reputedly looms the threat that other countries will also feel the impacts .
american stock bloodbath
on monday the american house of representatives rejected the plan to support the financial system , into which up to 700 billion dollars ( nearly 12 billion czech crowns ) was to be invested .
the legislators thus ignored president george bush &apos;s appeal for them to support the plan .
according to bush , the plan would tackle the basic causes of the financial crisis and help stabilize the entire economy .
american stocks suffered a bloodbath on monday and the major stock indexes registered their greatest fall in more than 20 years .
the dow jones index dropped by nearly seven percent , having registered a similarly-ranged fall the last time in 1987 .
the index had dropped even prior to the vote , but as soon as it was revealed that the bill had not passed in the house , the index went into free fall .
congress yields : us government can pump 700 billion dollars into banks
the top representatives of the american congress and george w. bush &apos;s cabinet have agreed upon a broader form of the agreement on financial assistance for the american financial system .
the vote on it will take place at the beginning of next week .
american legislators made a breakthrough in their talks about the approval of a bailout plan in the form of financial assistance for the american financial system amounting to 700 billion dollars ( approximately 12 billion crowns ) .
but all is not won yet .
that is , the members of congress have to complete some details of the agreement before they can make the final version of the law public and vote on it .
the plan to support the financial system will be discussed in the house of representatives on monday .
the chair of the financial services committee , barney frank , told reuters this on sunday .
sources say that the senate could evidently vote on the plan on wednesday at the soonest .
economists say that the announcement that the bailout plan will be approved should be the first psychological factor significant to the revival of financial markets .
afterward , however , a &quot; sobering up &quot; will take place due to the complicated nature of the mechanisms with which assistance to the markets can be achieved in practice .
paulson : plan must be effective
&quot; we &apos;ve made great progress .
we &apos;ve resolved our differing opinions on how the package for the stabilization of markets should look , &quot; democrat nancy pelosi told bloomberg .
according to her , the final vote could take place as early as sunday .
representatives of the legislators met with american finance minister henry paulson saturday night in order to give the government fund a final form .
the fund is meant to purchase unsellable mortgage assets which are pulling financial companies down into heavy losses and are endangering the stability of the entire system .
&quot; we &apos;re on the edge of a definitive agreement on a plan which will function and which also must be effective on the market .
it &apos;s necessary to continue in the curative plan , but i think we &apos;re there , &quot; paulson said .
a signal for asian trading
the global financial crisis is significantly impacting the stock markets , which are dropping sharply .
according to nevada democratic senator harry reid , that is how that legislators are trying to have congress to reach a definitive agreement as early as on sunday .
namely , by doing this they want to calm investors prior to trading on the asian financial markets , which , given their time zones , are the first ones where the decision by congress could influence monday &apos;s trading .
in the meantime , however , it is not yet clear with any certainty when both chambers of the american congress will vote on the bill , nor whether the negotiations will not become hindered by some problem .
the legislators hope that it will be approved in the next few days .
however , the bill will still go through a series of changes .
the total amount designated for assistance to the system is to be divided into two parts .
the initial 350 billion dollars is to become available as soon as possible , as requested by president george bush .
but congress can block the release of the remaining amount , in the sequence of a further 100 billion dollars and later , the final 350 billion dollars , if it has the impression that the program is not fulfilling its function .
bush appreciates progress in negotiations
though the president can veto this decision , congress can override his veto .
even in spite of these changes , the essential idea of the program , to gain finances for the buyout of bad mortgage stocks , the value of which had dropped because hundreds of thousands of americans were unable to pay off their mortgages , has remained intact .
&quot; we &apos;ve drawn it all up .
the house of representatives should be able to vote on the bill on sunday and the senate on monday , &quot; said republican senator judd gregg .
even american president bush is satisfied with the progress in negotiations .
his speaker tony fratto declared that bush was satisfied with saturday &apos;s progress and appreciated the &quot; two-party effort to stabilize our financial markets and save our economy &quot; .
constraining golden parachutes
the chairman of the senate banking committee , christopher dodd , the chief negotiator , said that the legislators had agreed upon the responsibilities for the financial program , protection of the taxpayers against losses , closing of relief packages , and timing of the financial plan .
the new law is also meant to constrain the &quot; golden parachutes &quot; for the heads of the companies participating in the program and establishes a committee which will oversee the fund .
the committee is to be directed by the ministry of finance .
&quot; we &apos;ve worked very hard on this and we &apos;ve made great progress toward an agreement that will work and that will be useful for all americans , &quot; paulson said .
the plan also includes assistance to homeowners who have problems making their payments .
the cabinet should negotiate new payments for the mortgages it buys , with the aim of lowering the monthly payment costs for those in debt and enabling them to keep their houses .
marek : psychological help
according to the chief economist of patria finance , david marek , the proposed plan is a good idea , but its realization will be very difficult .
&quot; and this is because it is not known through what mechanism and for what price the problematic assets will be bought .
this will determine how the financial sector and the cabinet will divide the losses amongst themselves , &quot; marek told the server ihned.cz this week .
whether the plan is approved now or at the beginning of next week is not so significant , according to marek .
&quot; more important is for the members of congress to agree this week to support the plan and to approve it as soon as possible .
the psychological significance of the agreement that the approval will take place is the most important thing at this time , &quot; marek emphasized .
razor &apos;s edge battle : mp3 players vs. cell phones .
our advice on how to choose
while nearly every cell phone can play mp3 files , no mp3 player can make phone calls .
this makes it seem clear that it is better to only buy a phone .
in spite of this , there are many reasons to get a separate mp3 player .
the choice depends entirely on the manner of use and demands of the future owner .
it is not likely that you will get a top-of-the-line expensive record player in order to listen to the newest album by maxim turbulenc .
first of all such music products not available on lps , but also , from the qualitative point of view there no objective reason for it .
however , if your shelves are crowded with art rock , jazz , or blues vinyl records , you are likely at least dreaming of a record player like that .
it &apos;s the same with music on trips , that is , compressed music , simply put , mp3 music .
there are price and qualitative categories here as well .
for some , it can be unacceptable to spend eight thousand crowns on an mp3 player , just as it is hard for pink floyd fan to accept twenty-crown headphones from a market hall .
two extremes , between which there is enough space for everyone .
the selection is broad .
battery life also decides
some top-of-the-line music players can do much more than merely play music , but also what most cell phones can &apos;t even do by chance .
no contemporary machine is as universal as the telephone .
in addition to the primary functions , calling and texting , it can play music and video , record both , contains a camera which is sometimes better and sometimes worse and can even navigate in some cases .
and when we take smart phones and communication devices , you have a small computer in your pocket .
it &apos;s a small miracle , as there is no refrigerator that knows how to grill and no television can take pictures .
the universal nature of the cell phone also brings disadvantages .
the more functions you use on your cell phone , the sooner the indicator on your display will send you running for the charger .
and playing music is one of the biggest energy guzzlers .
very few cell phones can play music for longer than ten to twelve hours , most of them much less .
in this way , music players ( particularly the simplest ones ) are much more efficient .
which is why you should count on the fact that inexpensive cell phones will not play for more than a few hours .
if you occasionally make calls in addition to that , to be on the safe side , get another charger for your workplace - even for more expensive devices .
you won &apos;t have this problem with mp3 players , even worse ones last at least 9 straight hours running on one charge .
another problem arises when recording music on the cell phone .
unfortunately , only a limited percentage of the devices contain a universal usb connector , and on top of that , not every one of those can be directly connected to a computer without special software .
of course , music can be recorded directly onto a memory card , but very few card readers can handle the miniature memory cards used in the cell phones without an adaptor .
for the music players , with some exceptions ( ipod ) , you don &apos;t need any special software .
it &apos;s enough to fill the device with music using the usb from the computer .
most cell phones and music players already create a music library by themselves , organized according to the artist &apos;s name , album title , genre , or , e.g. , user rating .
some devices only display the tree structure of the directory , similar to windows explorer and some are able to do both ( iriver , samsung , sony , cowon , smart phones with an operating systems ) .
music players easier to service , cell phones can do more
in choosing specific equipment , you should be interested above all in the life of the battery , the capacity of the memory , the quality and type of the audio output , and of course also the user-friendly nature of the operation .
if music is above all a background setting for you and if you are only going to listen to it for a little while , perhaps in the tram , any cell phone which plays mp3 is enough .
which almost any cell phone is truly able to do .
you don &apos;t even have to pay too much attention to which music formats the cell phone or music player can handle .
the mp3 can handle all of them , and in fact , most of the music you will get will be in this very format .
it one of the most widespread formats and in addition to it , the absolute majority of devices can also handle music in wma format .
less common is the appearance of aac ( the format used by the apple company and its ipods ) .
better cell phones , at the same time , enable the purchase of music on-line .
all you have to do to buy a song or album is visit the pages of the given operator ( or another provider ) using mobile internet .
this service by itself could be a substantial reason for obtaining a music cell phone .
unfortunately the offerings from the operators are paltry and are usually limited to fast-growing radio hits .
the prices are also not among the lowest .
it is generally assumed , however , that this very manner of music sales ( whether using gsm , the internet or wireless internet ) will take over the music industry in the future .
most people have their cell phone on them at all times .
whenever you feel like listening to something , you can reach for your cell phone in your pocket , while the mp3 player lies at home , forgotten .
however , it still depends on whether you always have headphones or at least the wire hands-free with you .
if not , you can utilize the integrated speaker that is in almost all cell phones , but only in a minimum of mp3 players .
but the greatest advantage of the music cell phones for many people is the price .
the least expensive of them regularly cost less than three thousand crowns .
for three or four thousand crowns , you can get a very decent walkman .
usually , however , you &apos;ll be limited by the absence of output on ordinary headphones .
the best and most technically well-equipped telephones , with a 3.5 mm jack for ordinary headphones , cost up to fifteen thousand crowns .
the advantage of the music players , on the other hand , is , among other reasons , that they are easy to operate .
anyone can handle the operation of the simplest - not necessarily the most inexpensive ( see our selection ) - music players .
the minimum of functions and similarity in operation to the formerly common cassette recorder or even the record player is apparent .
there is no threat of a clash in the form of mobile internet turned on by accident and the resulting enormous bill for data transmission .
what device to reach for
even the least expensive cell phones ( e.g. vodafone 527 ) generally have a slot for replaceable memory cards ( of the type m2 , microsd and the like ) .
even with the additional purchase of the respective card , you will spend less than two thousand crowns .
be careful , however .
with the basic models , only cards with a maximum capacity of 2 gb tend to be supported .
only the most expensive ones can also handle 8 gb memory cards .
if you already have a cell phone and want to buy an inexpensive mp3 player , reach for cowon , creativ , sony , samsung , emgeton or iriver .
based on capacity ( maximum 2 gb ) you don &apos;t have to spend more than 1,100 crowns .
if you are a more demanding listener , reach instead for specialized cell phones - walkman ( sony ericsson , some nokia and samsung models ) .
these devices have separate control buttons for mp3 and the user-friendly nature of their operation is close to that of a separate mp3 player .
sony ericsson , whose cell phones from the walkman series have the same user interface as the mp3 players sold separately , is the most advanced in the field .
the mp3 players from the brands mentioned above deliver the same service and in the same price category up to four thousand crowns , but with a greater memory capacity ( up to 16 gb ) and battery endurance ( normally 15 hours , maximally up to 35 hours ) .
first virtual operator to arrive in czechia this year .
maybe
the mobile market in czechia is quite advanced and local operators offer practically all the same services as their partners in western europe .
in spite of this , there is something missing here - a virtual operator who would force the classic operators to lower their prices .
it might be missing for a long time .
we have already written many times on mobil.cz about the fact that czech operators are among the most expensive in europe .
this has also been confirmed by the czech telecommunications bureau , who called attention to the fact that the price of a text message is higher here than in the rest of the union .
following the most recent steps taken by the european commission in the field of regulation of the roaming fees , a paradoxical situation may occur - text messages for some customers of czech mobile operators will be cheaper from abroad than at home .
how is it possible that the prices in czechia remain so high in comparison with europe ?
the answer is simple , there is a lack of competitors who would really like to enter into battle .
perhaps it sounds paradoxical , after all , we have three mobile networks here and over 100 % coverage .
mobile operators , on the other hand , like to pretend that the czech market is extremely competitive .
this is often seconded by the chairman of the council of the czech telecommunications bureau ( ctb ) pavel dvořák , who in the past has claimed several times that there is no room for another operator in czechia .
it is probably true that a classical operator with its own network no longer has much chance ( for that matter , it would be very difficult to find frequencies ) .
but there is one more opportunity - a virtual operator .
it is precisely the entrance of the virtual operators on the mobile market that brought the significant lowering of prices , to which even the classic operators had to react .
at the same time , even before the entrance on the market of aggressive competitors such as tesco mobile or virgin mobile , voices similar to those here could be heard .
but it has turned out that there is a place for such operators and they can be truly successful .
for that matter , we don &apos;t have to go far to find examples .
in february of this year , we informed you of the start of the virtual operator mobilking in poland .
over the course of merely half a year , this operator was able to gain more than 100 thousand customers and become the fifth largest operator .
at the same time , the financial group penta , which owns , among others , u : fon , stands behind mobilking .
the advantage of the virtual operators is the opportunity to concentrate on a much more specific target group .
in order to function effectively , they require many fewer customers than a classic operator does .
that is , they do not carry the relatively high costs of construction , operation and maintenance of a mobile network .
in this way , virtual operators around the world usually profile themselves as low-cost - they offer inexpensive calling and text messages , which is often balanced out by a more limited offer of services , though .
that &apos;s how , for example , tesco mobile in great britain can offer text messaging for at least fifty percent less than its competitors .
but as the example of mobilking in poland shows , it can be a rather good move and a bet on a novel target group .
that is , this operator is specifically oriented toward men .
&quot; real men choose mobilking - the operator that they like and can trust , &quot; says david seibert , the ceo of mobile entertainment company , which runs this virtual operator .
it is hard to say if a concept similar to the one in poland could catch on here .
miroslav čepický , spokesman for vodafone , doubts this : &quot; the czech market is relatively small for the segmented approach on which most virtual operators are founded .
in addition , it &apos;s relatively saturated from the perspective of the offer of services . &quot;
no chance in czechia , say mobile operators
it seems almost certain that if there is to be a virtual operator in czechia , it won &apos;t be mobilking .
&quot; we have been talking about the expansion of this successful project , but the negotiations in czechia don &apos;t look very hopeful .
more likely , mobilking will be launched in other countries in our region , &quot; said jana studničková , speaker for the penta financial group , in a telephone interview for mobil.cz.
she also confirmed indirectly that the current mobile operators in czechia are definitely not inclined toward this idea .
rather , on the contrary , they are trying to do everything they can so that no potential competitor comes into existence .
for a longer period of time now , the gts novera group has made no secret of its interest in launching a virtual mobile operator , and in this way it would like to take another step in the direction of becoming a real competitor of telefonica o2 in the area of corporate clientele .
&quot; we are very interested in being able to offer our customers not only hardwire telecommunication services , but also mobile ones .
the sooner , the better .
we have held repeated negotiations on this possibility with all czech mobile operators .
we have already been able to make progress in the negotiations with some of them , &quot; said the group &apos;s spokesman , pavel kaidl .
perhaps there are better times ahead .
on the basis of unofficial information , it looks like we can expect the first virtual operator as early as the end of this year .
in the meantime , however , its creation is accompanied by a wall of silence .
&quot; at this time , we do not think that there is space for the creation of a full-fledged virtual operator .
compared to other markets , the czech market is very specific .
no subject has approached us thus far with a complex and serious project in this area , &quot; claimed vlastimil sršeň from the public relations department of telefonica 02 in a statement for mobil.cz.
other operators also refer to the specific nature of the czech market .
in a rare shared opinion with a statement by o2 , t-mobile spokeswoman martina kemrová added : &quot; we have not yet registered a viable and bilaterally advantageous business project that it would be possible to build upon . &quot;
and she added : &quot; no virtual operator is likely to appear in the t-mobile network by the end of the year .
at this moment , in order to be talking about such a short timeframe , we would already have to have a concrete agreement on the table . &quot;
vodafone is placing its attention more upon fulfilling the requirements of its own 3g license .
regarding this , miroslav čepický said : &quot; we are open to negotiations with potential virtual operators , above all in the area of shared costs and infrastructure .
from the perspective of the customers , we consider this to be the most beneficial .
vodafone &apos;s main strategy in this area is to find a partner for the construction of a shared network for fast mobile internet . &quot;
responsible authorities - buddy-buddy with operators
the procedure of the mobile operators is easy to understand , the entrance of another operator would mean increased competition , it would lead to a decrease in prices and hence to a decrease in their profits .
why , then , make this entrance easy for such a competitor ?
the tug-of-war surrounding the creation of u : fon attests to the fact that when something is important to the operators , they are able to pull for the same team .
probably the greatest pressure on the czech telecommunication office was during the time of the creation of u : fon by t-mobile .
information publicly available from the czech telecommunication office &apos;s web pages attests to this .
but now this is a suitable argument for u : fon to not allow the entrance of the virtual operator .
regarding that matter , martina kemrová pointed out : &quot; the competitive environment of the mobile market was also recently amplified by the entrance of the fourth mobile operator onto the market .
considering the character of the mobile market in the czech republic , it is evident that the entrance of another player would place higher demands on it and above all on its services . &quot;
but considering this approach by the mobile operators , the lack of interest by the czech regulatory organs is , in fact , startling .
this means not only the attitude of the cto , which unfortunately in czechia - unlike in great britain and other developed countries - does not have the authority to intervene in economic competition .
this authority belongs to the office for the protection of competition ( opc ) exclusively .
but this office has assumed its typical position on this whole issue .
&quot; the entrance of a virtual operator on the mobile market would be possible after the signing of a contract on the rental of the necessary infrastructure between the mobile operator and the virtual operator .
no such contract has ever been signed , because the supply of potential interested parties was most likely not sufficiently interesting for classic operators , &quot; claimed kristián chalupa from the external relations department of the opc in his answer to our question .
a statement formulated in that way by representatives of the operators probably won &apos;t surprise anyone .
from the office that is supposed to represent the interests of consumers and , among other things , make sure that no one abuses his / her position on the market , it is more than serious .
all the more so when kristián chalupa added : &quot; in other countries , where virtual operators commonly function , we can observe that their entrance on the market contributed to the decrease in the prices of mobile telephone services . &quot;
but evidently the pressure on the proper functioning of the market environment and the decrease in prices are not among the interests of the opc .
in truth , the shocking element of the whole case is the almost fluid harmony between the three mobile operators that is implicit in their reactions .
the question as to whether this is really just a coincidence arises entirely by itself .
just like the exact same price of gasoline at the gas stations is surely just the product of coincidence and the tough competitive battle .
&quot; the office did not find any signs of actions violating the rules of competition , and thus has no reason to intervene in any way .
none of the operators have a dominant position , and hence none of them have the corresponding increased responsibility for their actions on the market .
the telecommunications regulator is most likely also lacking the instruments necessary to open the mobile market for the virtual operators , &quot; chalupa claimed in his statement .
the interpretation of the dominant position on the market is one of the disputed points .
of course , an analysis of the relevant markets does exist , conducted by cto , according to which telecommunications are , from the perspective of competition , the only market .
on such a market , none of the czech operators then have a dominant position .
but some legal experts offer a different perspective - in order to create a virtual operator , it is always necessary to gain the permission of the network operator .
and the mobile operator - entirely logically - has a monopoly on its network .
so in a certain segment , it must necessarily be dominant .
but even if we did not consider this argument , for the opc it could be at least alarming that the three mobile operators are proceeding in a strikingly similar manner .
at the same time , complaints from a series of interested parties ( including the gts novera company mentioned above ) demonstrate that they are encountering very similar hurdles in their negotiations with all the operators .
placing the responsibility on the cto is a rather common trick in telecommunications , through which the opc can have nothing to do with the whole matter .
we have already encountered it in several similar cases .
unfortunately , it was not possible to establish the extension of the cto &apos;s authority to the area of competition in telecommunications in the recently approved amendment to the telecommunications act , even though many experts had expected that this would improve the situation .
the representatives of the opc must know this very well , but their interests are evidently elsewhere .
it can be done when nobody &apos;s looking
at the same time , the functioning of some pseudo-virtual operators , of which there are already several in czech mobile networks , remains unnoticed .
these are companies which publish their own price lists for mobile telephone services , which are only partially public .
these are usually companies dealing with multilevel marketing .
for example , amway , bohemia telecom , starlife and a number of others offer their own mobile telephone services .
the price lists of these companies usually only reach selected individuals .
the trick lies in the fact that , in relation to the operator , the company acts like a classic company client who orders a great amount of sim cards .
as a significant client , it then gets special price offers ( and other types of offers ) .
the problem is that the trading conditions of all czech mobile operators prohibit such advance sales .
&quot; if the cases you are talking about were to occur , this could be a violation of the contract conditions , which we would investigate , and it could culminate in the termination of our cooperation with the given company , &quot; martina kemrová answered our question on this problem .
but it is highly unlikely that activities like this would not be reported to the responsible people from the mobile operators .
this could be a question of thousands of customers , above all in the case of the three companies mentioned above .
but at the same time , none of the operators are opposed to such a procedure .
namely , they make considerable profits from the activities of these companies and at the same time - unlike the real virtual operators - they do not present any sort of threat to them through their own official marketing .
miroslav čepický draws attention to potential problems : &quot; the law enables such speculation , nevertheless only an insignificant percentage of customers use the services of these companies .
on top of that , they must accept that the sim card in their telephone is not registered under their name , and thus they cannot use all of its features like the regular customers of the mobile operators can . &quot;
this is precisely what should seem at least strange to the cto .
in addition , another question for the opc arises .
if the mobile operators are looking the other way concerning this procedure , why are they blocking the creation of a virtual operator ?
it must be added that the opc has rather considerable power to uncover such activities , and if it does not wish to , it does not have to be satisfied with operators &apos; claims that they have no idea about any such thing and that their trading conditions prohibit it .
when we won &apos;t be the most expensive
as mentioned already several times in this article , the entrance of the virtual operators onto the mobile market was brought about by a notable drop in the prices of services .
at the same time , classical operators have more or less tried to prevent the creation of virtual operators practically in all countries where they have been created .
the arguments they used were practically identical - a market that was too small , too saturated , problems with the quality of services , etc .
but in developed countries , the regulatory organs , which supported the interests not of the mobile operators , but of their customers , intervened at that very moment .
either through formal measures or informal pressure , they then achieved the creation of the first virtual operator , and others continued in its footsteps .
unfortunately , the czech regulatory organs have been tossing the whole case back and forth like a hot potato .
based on our experience , we cannot get rid of the impression that the lack of clarity in competencies in these cases suits them very well .
but let &apos;s not throw in the towel .
if the behind-the-scenes information are correct and a virtual operator appears here soon , the czech mobile market might be set in motion once again .
if one of the operators permits the creation of a virtual mobile operator , it will be difficult for opc to be able to remain indifferent to the refusal ( discrimination ) of further interested parties .
and we might stop making calls that are more expensive than in the rest of europe .
new czech national anthem has four new versions .
choose the best one
listen to the four renderings of the new version of the czech national anthem .
on sunday prime minister mirek topolánek presented the new recordings of the national anthem kde domov můj ( where is my country ) on the occasion of the day of czech statehood .
the anthem was newly recorded by the national theater orchestra under the direction of jiří bělohlávek .
four versions are available - versions with male or female solo vocals , a choral version and an instrumental version .
kateřina kněžínková and adam plachetka did the singing .
the authors of the arrangements of the anthem are otakar jeremiáš and jaroslav krček .
you can listen to all four versions on the server ihned.cz.
bělohlávek considers the czech national song to be one of the most beautiful national anthems .
he told czech radio earlier that he had intentionally selected singers with young , representative voices that were striking and popular for the solo variants .
&quot; from the beginning , with both of them and also with the chorus , i tried to make sure that they had clear articulation , so that the text could be understood well , so that they were in harmony , &quot; he said .
the czech national anthem will celebrate its 175th anniversary next year .
the song kde domov můj ( where is my country ) was heard for the first time in 1834 on the stage of the estates theater in the original czech play fidlovačka by josef kajetán tyl with the music of františek škroup .
it gained popularity and the people spontaneously took it as their own .
the first stanza of the song then became a natural part of the national anthem following the creation of czechoslovakia in 1918 .
it remained one of the seven state symbols even following the creation of the independent czech republic .
how the &quot; new &quot; hymn sounds
prague city mass transport to operate on chip for the first time on wednesday
wednesday , october 1 , 2008 will be written into the history of the prague transport company as the date when the first travellers board the metro , trams and buses with an electronic coupon in their pockets instead of a paper ticket .
the roughly one hundred thousand people in possession of their own chip card opencard at this time can get this coupon .
travellers can buy a 30-day , 90-day and year-long coupon ( which will be valid beginning on january 1 , 2009 ) and at the same time have it added to their chip card at info centers and branches of the transport company at the metro stations muzeum , můstek , nádraží holešovice , anděl , roztyly , letňany , kobylisy , rajská zahrada , kačerov and luka .
beginning yesterday , coupons can also be purchased over the internet on the web pages of the transport company , www.dpp.cz.
by the afternoon , more than four hundred customers had used the service .
those beginning to use internet shopping can definitively forget about the vending windows in the metro stations , where up to now they have had to regularly stand in long lines for paper tickets .
that is , they can buy the coupon over the internet and it will be added to the opencard at one of the thirteen branches of the city library .
&quot; at these locations , there is a counter available for travellers with trained staff who will help interested people with their internet purchase , and will also add the purchased coupon to their card , &quot; said the project &apos;s speaker , martin opatrný .
in addition to libraries , it will also be possible to add the electronic coupons to the opencard at the self-service machines which have been set up in several vestibules of the metro .
what do these self-service machines look like ?
they are red , resembling ticket validation machines , and travellers might have already noticed them in the metro stations roztyly , budějovická , i. p. pavlova , florenc and vltavská .
&quot; now there are five of them in the city , but by the end of the year there should be eighty of them , &quot; opatrný added .
coupon checked by self-service machine instead of driver
using the self-service machines , which will begin functioning tomorrow , is simple .
all you have to do is insert the opencard chip card , and the pre-paid card is automatically added to it .
the electronic coupons are valid beginning tomorrow not only in the capital city , but in its surroundings as well .
that is , in suburban trains and bus lines numbered 300 to 499 , which are mainly used by inhabitants of central bohemian towns to travel into the capital city .
&quot; in trains included in prague integrated transport , the conductors are equipped with card readers , with the help of which they can check the time and zone validity of the coupons , &quot; filip drápal from the organization ropid , which creates the timetables of the prague mass transport , explained the ticket-checking procedures .
the suburban buses have card readers built into the cash register next to the driver &apos;s seat .
upon boarding , it is thus necessary to not only show the chip card to the driver , but in addition it is necessary to place the opencard on the designated spot on the side of the cash register .
this is how the driver checks the validity of the coupons recorded .
&quot; if the traveller needs to confirm the validity of the coupons recorded , there is nothing easier than requesting this information from the driver , &quot; drápal added .
travelers who do not use suburban buses , and will not remember when the validity of a coupon ends , can head again for the self-service machines where the coupons are added to the card .
here the information on the validity of their documents will appear on the machine &apos;s screen .
sudetenlands wanted referendum from usa
sudeten germans requested that the šumava region be incorporated into the united states in 1945 .
this is implicit in a letter stored in the collections of the south bohemia research library .
if we cannot be a part of germany or austria , we wish at least to live under the patronage of the united states .
several groups of sudeten germans supposedly addressed the president of the usa with a wish of this type .
this arises from , among other things , a letter which has been preserved in a private archive and is now stored in the collections of the south bohemia research library .
in the letter , germans from český krumlov request that the american president not to allow the return of the &quot; šumava region &quot; - occupied by hitler on the basis of the munich agreement - to czechoslovakia .
&quot; we have understood the situation correctly and we want to be truly certain of the words that the american troops are entering german territory not as oppressors and enemies , but rather , as liberators , &quot; is what is written in the letter , signed &quot; people who are not indifferent to the fate of šumava &quot; .
since the annexation by czechoslovakia supposedly only gives the sudeten germans hope for - knowing the czech national character - brutality , disregard , lack of understanding , oppression and slavery , the authors of the letter ask the american president to take over the protectorate of šumava forever .
&quot; we cannot believe that without considering the opinion of a quarter of a million people , you would award this territory to a state foreign to us , which oppresses and oppugns minorities and which has contributed nothing , absolutely nothing , to the victory of the allies , &quot; is written in the letter .
the reason why the authors could not sign their names was the supposed fear of revenge by the &quot; czech oppressors &quot; .
if the president of the usa were to supposedly have doubts about the persuasion of the šumava germans , it would be enough to organize a referendum in the šumava region on whether its inhabitants want to become a part of the usa or live under the patronage of the united states .
though the text of the letter may sound a bit naïve given the contemporary knowledge of post-war history , according to some witnesses it appropriately sketches the expectations of the sudeten germans at that time .
even though the czech germans had to at least suspect that their displacement from the country would be discussed , almost none of them admitted this possibility at all .
some expected that the united states and great britain would negotiate a certain type of autonomy for the sudetenlands .
others believed that they would simply remain in czechoslovakia .
the famous journalist gustav chalupa , born in české budějovice , also confirms this .
as a german from české budějovice , he was sent to the navy in the baltic sea during the war .
when he was captured by the british at the end of the war and placed in a prison camp in holstein , tens of other czech germans went to him so that he would teach them czech .
&quot; they believed that when they returned home , czech would come in handy , &quot; chalupa said .
according to him , none of the german prisoners living in czechoslovakia before the war envisaged being displaced from the republic on the basis of the beneš decrees .
you don &apos;t think - you pay !
emotive campaign attacks drivers
the most expensive action aimed at safety on the roads in czech history .
that &apos;s also one way to characterize the emotive media campaign which the ministry of transportation plans to launch on wednesday .
the office of minister aleš řebíček hopes that it will discourage drivers from behaving dangerously behind the wheel .
the 150-million-crown campaign will appear on television , on the radio , in cinemas , on the internet , but also on flyers .
it should discourage drivers from speeding and driving under the influence of alcohol .
and also remind them to fasten their seatbelts before they start driving .
above all , it aims to reach into the conscience of young drivers , motorcyclists , pedestrians , and last but not least , professional drivers .
and what appears in the spots ?
mainly human stories that attack the emotions .
and even the &quot; bloody &quot; slogan of the whole campaign attests to this :
you don &apos;t think - you pay !
the words &quot; you don &apos;t think &quot; are written in capital letters on a license plate .
and then the words &quot; you pay &quot; are in a pool of blood .
this is meant to symbolize that a person can pay for a moment of carelessness with his / her own life .
the spots will &quot; haunt &quot; the viewers until 2010 .
the ministry found inspiration in similar campaigns in anglo-saxon countries , where it is common to find pictures with drastic images of accident victims .
it hopes that the accident rate and the number of deaths on the czech roads will thus decrease .
the spots were prepared by the agency euro rscg .
sugar and whip for drivers
&quot; the drivers are influenced by the sugar and whip system .
the sugar for them is , for example , when they run a red light , they save time .
the whip is the threat of a fine or an accident .
the drivers must be repeatedly reminded of the risk , &quot; says martin kořán , a transportation psychologist from na homolce hospital .
and that &apos;s why information campaigns in the press and mainly negative advertising are necessary , the psychologist believes .
less effective in his opinion are the tables which draw the drivers &apos; attention to the danger .
&quot; if a static table which warns against danger is installed , it will likely soon blend in with the surroundings and the drivers will not pay attention to it , &quot; kořán warned .
olmert would return nearly all occupied territories in exchange for peace
the prime minister of the provisional israeli government , ehud olmert , expressed his opinion in favour of the restitution of practically all territories occupied in 1967 , that is , even transjordan , east jerusalem and the golan heights , in exchange for peace with the palestinians and with syria .
he did this in an interview which was printed by the daily newspaper yedioth ahronoth on monday .
&quot; we must reach an agreement with the palestinians , which means that it will be necessary to return nearly all of the ( occupied ) territories , if not all of them , &quot; olmert told the newspaper .
&quot; we will keep a certain percentage of these territories , but we will have to cede a similar percentage ( of israeli territory ) to the palestinians , because there will be no peace if we don &apos;t do that , &quot; he added .
he admitted that the possible restitution would also include east jerusalem .
&quot; whoever wants to be safe in jerusalem and above all does not want tractors or bulldozers to run over his or her legs , like what happened to one of my best friends , will have to give up a part of jerusalem , &quot; olmert noted in reference to two attacks in the city in july , during which several people were killed and tens injured .
according to the prime minister , it will be necessary to find a &quot; special solution for the temple mount , a sacred and historic place &quot; , which lies inside the old city .
&quot; whoever will want to maintain israeli sovereignty over the whole city will have to integrate 270,000 arabs .
that won &apos;t work , &quot; he stressed further .
leaving golan heights
olmert also expressed his opinion in favour of the withdrawal of israel from the golan heights , which according to him is an essential condition for entering into a peace agreement with syria .
but that would also require certain effort from damascus .
&quot; i am not proposing to agree on peace with syria solely on the basis of the withdrawal from the golan heights , &quot; he warned .
&quot; the syrians know well what they will have to give up in order to gain the golan heights .
they will have to give up their current relationship with iran ; they will have to give up their relationship to the ( shi-ite movement ) hezbollah ; they will have to give up the ongoing support they provide to the terrorism of the ( shi-ite movement ) hamas , ( the terrorist network ) al-qaeda and the jihad ( holy war ) in iraq , &quot; the prime minister specified .
questions after accident : are stewards in the bus illegal ?
law doesn &apos;t know them , walking in coach bus not permitted
in connection with the tragic accident of a bus of the company student agency near padua , italy , the question has arisen as to whether stewards and passengers can move around the bus while it is in motion .
&quot; if we would like to strictly and formally uphold the law , the activities of the steward are in conflict with the traffic law , &quot; says speaker for the ministry of transportation karel hanzelka .
the accident , during which a twenty-two-year-old stewardess died last week , was evidently caused by the driver of the truck that crossed into the path of the bus .
unluckily , at that moment , the girl was sitting next to the driver , in the least safe place in the vehicle , even though there are two more seats reserved for her .
however , the bus can crash or brake sharply even when the steward is handing out coffee or newspapers .
the question of whether the bus is equipped with standing room in accordance with its registration plays a role .
if this is not approved in the bus , the passengers must sit .
the student agency coach buses do not have standing room ; which the head of the company , radim jančura , also confirmed for aktuálně.cz.
&quot; we tried to find a solution to this with the ministry , and initially they did not permit the movement of the passengers .
eventually they revoked this and we reached the conclusion that the passengers are allowed to go to the toilet if they have their own seat , &quot; he conveyed his position .
the law does not know the steward
&quot; there is no straightforward legal interpretation of the steward - no legal enactments deal with this role .
however , nor do any legal enactments prohibit the transporters from providing services .
the traffic law only knows the term vehicle conductor ; it does not define the rights and responsibilities of that person , &quot; speaker hanzelka added less unambiguously .
the head of the department of motor vehicle operation of the ministry of transportation , josef pokorný , on the contrary , said that the law treats this issue sufficiently .
&quot; it depends on whether the bus has standing room permitted in its certification .
that &apos;s all there is to it , &quot; he says .
buses are divided into the categories of city bus , where there is standing room and limited maximum speed , inter-city buses with standing room and a higher maximum speed permitted , and coach buses , with no standing room and the highest permitted speed and seats equipped with seat belts .
like in an airplane , says expert
jaroslav hořín , an expert on traffic safety for the national strategy for traffic safety ( besip ) , does not see any essential problem in the movement of stewards on the buses .
&quot; during a smooth ride , there is not much threat of danger , the situation can be compared to the service in airplanes .
even there it is not certain when turbulence will occur and the stewardess can hit her head . &quot;
&quot; however , if the bus were to brake sharply , of course , the laws of physics are valid .
just like in a city bus or a tram .
the transport provider must deal with the safety of the stewards through internal regulations , &quot; he says , and he also thinks that from the legal perspective , this issue is unresolved .
jančura willing to discontinue services
student agency is the only bus transport provider to offer the steward service .
it employs nearly two hundred of them .
even after the accident , the head does not consider their job to be risky .
&quot; but as soon as i gain the impression that the stewards &apos; job is risky , i will discontinue them .
passengers can get coffee and newspapers when boarding .
it would also save costs , &quot; he says .
alexej litvin , head of asiana , which operates a fraction of the bus lines that sa does , explained the absence of stewards in his vehicles as due to safety interests .
&quot; we don &apos;t have stewardesses , we &apos;ve been against it from the very beginning .
sooner or later it will end in a fatal accident , &quot; he told týden.cz nearly a year ago .
enormous tragedy occurred
a young stewardess from the pilsen area , who had worked for the company for two years , died in an accident on the bus line to naples .
a slovenian tractor trailer truck likely left the emergency lane without signalling and blocked the path of the bus .
the bus driver tried to avoid it using a sharp manoeuvre , however , the front right part of the bus grazed it .
jančura rebuffs the claim that the two seats reserved for the stewards &apos; rest had been sold out .
&quot; it is not possible to reserve these seats in the coach buses , they are blocked . &quot;
the company plans to sue the driver of the truck .
the agency will not wait for the court verdict to compensate the girl &apos;s family , but it expects financial compensation from the guilty party .
adaptation of the law ?
far away
an adaptation of the law , on which a thirty-member expert group from the ministry of transportation has been working for over a year , could bring about the specification of the movement of stewards on board the buses .
&quot; but no concrete conclusion has been reached .
they are not dealing with buses much , it is more the point system , the maximum speed on the highway and the use of cell phones while driving , &quot; says expert hořín .
&quot; the ministry of transportation does not consider the activity of the stewards to be something that would threaten the safety of the passengers in any essential way , &quot; concludes speaker hanzelka , adding that the enforcement of safety in buses is under the jurisdiction of the police and the labor safety office .
duesseldorf hopes rest in frankfurt
in a letter from the westlb board of directors to the bank &apos;s employees , grand talk is not in short supply .
combining units of the duesseldorf institution with frankfurt &apos;s deka bank , the notice made public on monday claims , could `create a major capital-market institution of the sparkassen finanzgruppe . &apos; 
westlb would contribute to the deal a `bloc of expertise &apos; with sustained earning power , it says .
generally , the letter suggests , this kind of jointer might provide the pivotal impulse for further concentration in the area of the german state banks , the landesbanken .
that &apos;s what it sounds like when a board of directors wants to demonstrate being on top of things in difficult times .
the flagging westlb is still exposed to tremendous pressure , after all .
not just from the eu commission , but also from the federal institute for financial services supervision , which only recently warned the state government of north rhine-westphalia that there was an urgent need for a solution .
but talks of some type of jointer between deka bank , which savings bank clients are familiar with due to its investment funds , and westlb have been making the rounds for some time now - even in frankfurt .
presenting the report on the first two quarters in late august , deka bank head franz waas said a fusion between the institute on mainzer landstrasse and a landesbank , such as hesse and thuringia &apos;s helaba or westlb , made little sense to him .
but the administrative board of deka , which is owned in equal parts by the landesbanken and the savings banks associations , has asked the board of directors to commence talks with westlb on joint business ventures .
the possible subject is the capital-market business , or parts of it .
of course , as sources in the financial community point out , negotiations have only just begun .
it &apos;s not the first time that the name deka bank - with its staff of 3000 one of the more significant employers in the financial center of frankfurt - crops up in the context of a savings banks consolidation .
in 2003 , a merger of deka bank with landesbank rhineland-palatinate and helaba briefly seemed to be within the realm of possibility .
but in the end , the threesome didn &apos;t happen .
as soon as the plans became public , the hessian state government spoke out against the participation of helaba .
the two remaining institutions also proved unable to reach an agreement .
instead , landesbank rhineland-palatinate was bought by stuttgart &apos;s landesbank baden-wuerttemberg .
but deliberations on a jointer between deka bank and landesbanken have continued to rear their heads .
most recently , guenther merl , chairman of the board at helaba , had quelled considerations of a merger with his institution .
this aside , there seems to be an increasing awareness that a consolidation of the various institutions in the public sector is imperative .
first up , now that the state elections in bavaria are over , a jointer between bayernlb and the landesbank baden-wuerttemberg may have become more likely .
for helaba , that &apos;s not necessarily good news .
should the pressure for more mergers increase , it will by degrees be running out of potential partners .
in the south , it would merely be a junior partner , although it has to date weathered the financial crisis much better than the institutions in munich and stuttgart .
a merger with westlb , in turn , was squashed early this year by the savings bank association of hesse and thuringia , which owns 85 percent of helaba .
remains only nordlb .
but such geostrategic considerations are only one side of the equation .
on the other stands the question in how far the institutions &apos; different business models are compatible with another .
in june , merl said that the key issue of finding an appropriate business model to ensure the sustainability of the landesbanken had not yet been resolved by the german savings bank association .
ultimately , westlb might also be split up , although , of course , that &apos;s not a solution favored at westlb .
the letter from its board of directors , accordingly , voices the manifest desire for a `comprehensive solution . &apos; 
quite how this is reconcilable with a jointer between individual units of westlb and deka bank remains to be seen .
second weekend at the `wiesn &apos; is known as `italian weekend&apos;
for elena it &apos;s the first time , for luca it &apos;s the third or fourth already .
but this time , he brought along his girlfriend elena , and that changes everything , he says .
behind them , next to a five-litre keg of kaiser beer , stands a massively built bearded man who is proving to the approximately 200 oktoberfest tourists just how deep the sounds are that his throat his capable of producing .
elena first slaps luca , then kisses him .
they came to verona from bologna .
from here , a parking lot for buses next to the railroad station puorta nuova , four buses will depart at 11 : 45 tonight , `destinazione monaco , festa della birra.` estimated time of arrival : 6 : 30 am .
three buses are reserved for italians mainly , one is exclusively for brazilians .
in one corner of the parking lot , the south americans are already singing next to their flag . they were celebrating last night already .
and very loudly , too , says marco guarda - too loudly for italians .
marco , who wears a long coat with fake fur lining and glasses with broad silver earpieces , owns the buses .
they have been making trips to the oktoberfest for five years now , three of them this year alone .
they travel at night , spend the day at the `wiesn &apos; and head back home again at 10 : 30 pm .
staying over night would only generate unnecessary costs , marco says .
the trip is 75 euros , including a welcoming round of kaiser beer , brewed according to the bavarian purity law , health insurance , as well as a german-language guide - marco enrolled in a language course in frankfurt .
and with no further ado , the buses head out into the night , on the autostrada leading to `brennero . &apos; 
there is no beer to be had yet .
soon all is quiet in the bus , the travelers are asleep .
as they should be - they are going to need their strength .
they stop in brixen and in holzkirchen , where droves of other buses with italian plates are making a final stop on the autobahn 8 , right before munich .
when marco &apos;s group finally arrives , as planned , at half past six in the morning at a parking lot near theresienwiese , about 50 other buses from all over europe are already there .
elena , luca and the others gather . marco addresses them one last time to give them their marching orders .
first up : put on the yellow caps .
on the left side , they say `oktoberfest &apos; in gothic type , next to the internet address of marco &apos;s travel agency , &quot; conoscersiviaggiando.it &quot; .
second : `when the doors of the beer tent open , you have to run ! &apos; marco shouts into the morning .
`run ! &apos; run and man the seats in the rear part of the tent .
`not in the front , or else we will block the entry . and not all yellow hats at the same tables - spread out in the room ! &apos;
it &apos;s 8.25 euros per `maß , &apos; marco screams .
and don &apos;t forget to tip .
`show the security people that we behave !
as soon as you abandon your seats , they &apos;re gone ! &apos;
third : `be back here tonight at 10 : 30 sharp ! &apos; understood ?
and off to the `wiesn &apos; they go .
one of them is marking the way by tying yellow caps to trees , signs and even to campaign posters of a political party that &apos;s popular in bavaria .
they want to be prepared for the retreat .
it is the second weekend at the `wiesn , &apos; known as the `italian weekend . &apos; 
there are no exact figures ; estimates say that around 50,000 make their way across the alps to descent on the beer tents - ten percent of all visitors on this weekend are said to have arrived from italy specifically for this purpose .
munich &apos;s police are reinforced by seven policemen from south tyrol , and italian volunteers are lending support to the bavarian red cross , according to whose statistics on nationals the italians are leading the medical-attention field with about 200 cases , with austrians ( about 80 cases ) and britons ( about 60 cases ) coming in second and third .
italians are especially fond of the `hofbräu &apos; tent .
no sleep for hypo real estate creditors
as recently as last week , german finance minister peer steinbrueck stressed that the banking system of germany was relatively stable .
it &apos;s a good thing that the politician used the term `relatively , &apos; further interjecting that the german banking sector wouldn &apos;t be spared by the crisis .
because that &apos;s what happened this weekend .
the real-estate bank hypo real estate ( hre ) from munich , which is listed in the dax stock index , is receiving credits in the billions from a consortium of german banks in order to be shielded against the market turbulences .
an individual close to the proceedings told reuters on monday that the credit line could be as high as 35 billion euros total .
hypo real estate was only required to pay interest on the sum it ends up using , they said .
the money was coming from private as well as public banks , they added .
the news comes in the wake of losses at subsidiary depfa .
according to a news report , the government-funding bank had refinanced long-term projects it was financing on very short notice - which , due to the mistrust at the markets , is no longer a possibility .
in the first half-year of 2008 , the bank &apos;s cash reserve had shrunk by 95 percent to 2.37 euros , with the capital resource quota also slightly declining from 1.6 to 1.45 percent .
the ongoing earnings and net earnings from financial transactions had fallen to nil compared to the same period in the previous year , while earnings from write-ups on demands and specific bonds as well as from the liquidation of accruals from credit transactions had shrunk by more than 70 percent to 5 million euros .
the decline in earnings remained at a moderate 16 percent only thanks to higher earnings through refunds from downstream accounting costs from restructuring the former depfa group , as well as from refunds of interest according to the fiscal code and from agency for group companies .
after going private in 1990 , the former government-funding bank had initially incurred speculation losses through commercial real-esate credits , which were then outsourced to aareal bank .
because earnings in classical government-funding were slim , depfa had diversified internationally , increasingly engaging in infrastructure projects and in the funding of joint ventures between private investors and the government ( public-private partnership , ppp ) .
now hypo real estate has to induce write-offs according to the subsidiary &apos;s worth that will have a `significant , material effect &apos; on the group &apos;s profit-and-loss statement , it said rather vaguely .
as a matter of fact , the dividend has been omitted .
it had already been reduced by two thirds in 2007 .
since the acquisition of depfa , hypo real estate has been a significant financer of government and infrastructure .
because it does not have client deposits , it is more dependent on refinancing at the interbank market than other banks .
with the collapse two weeks ago of american investment bank lehman brothers , the extension of loans among banks has largely dried up again , because banks are hoarding their assets .
for part of depfa &apos;s loan portfolio - approximately 50 billion euros - hypo real estate annually requires short-term capital for refinancing .
according to hypo real estate , the credits meet the group &apos;s financing requirements for the foreseeable future , shielding the corporation from `the influence of the currently largely incapacitated international financial markets . &apos; 
other sources say that , thanks to the credits , refinancing is covered until late 2009 .
hre chairman of the board georg funke said that , in the foreseeable future , the hypo real estate group would not have to draw upon the financial markets again , however .
the deutsche bundesbank and the federal institute for financial services supervision ( bafin ) are now considering the hypo real estate group &apos;s marketability to be secured .
on behalf of the bank &apos;s shareholders and creditors , it is to be hoped they are right .
but given the dynamics and the unpredictability of the crisis , things are likely to remain uncertain .
it &apos;s not even unthinkable that not all of the financing will be needed .
the opposite cannot be discounted either , however .
after the bank was reportedly close to insolvent late sunday night , even a bailout , temporary as it is , is incapable of easing people &apos;s minds .
the price per share is dropping by 75 percent to 3.30 euros .
bond prices are holding up reasonably well , meanwhile .
whereas senior debts are hardly moving , junior bonds are dropping more significantly .
this mainly applies to bonds of former subsidiary wuerttemberg hypo and , understandably , to repayment periods beyond 2009 .
to date , hypo real estate bonds seemed to be an alternative for speculative investment . after the financial crisis , as well as the bank &apos;s own homemade crisis caused by the acquisition of depfa , however , their recoverability has to be considered dependent on the stability of the international financial system .
as long as central banks , governments and less stricken corporate banks are still willing to support the system , bond settlement deadlines can be met .
alternatively , that which nobody dares to hope for yet right now comes to pass , and the financial crisis will be overcome within the next 15 months .
but considering that one report of partial nationalization is chasing the next , a probability bordering on certainty has now shrunk to a valid hope .
this may be causing some sleepless nights for long-term creditors in particular , as they ponder the question whether or not to abandon their exposure .
short-term investors may at least use the line that has been drawn as an opportunity to draft a loss carry-forward for the capital gains compensation tax payments of the years to come .
sylvana and the secrets of the bento box
when sylvana hiltrop , 16 years old , is asked to introduce herself on her first day at tachibana high school , the girls begin to giggle : the german girl is totally `kawaii &apos; !
what this means ?
sylvana is familiar with the term from reading manga - in her new exchange log she tells about japan .
`first day at school in japan .
i was so excited .
the way to school alone gave me the jitters .
i live at the edge of tokyo , towards kawasaki , and the train ride to tachibana high school is 40 minutes .
i had to find the way on my own , and luckily i didn &apos;t get lost .
the beginning of class isn &apos;t organized as strictly as back home in lower saxony .
students begin trickling in at eight o &apos;clock , until a brief conference with the teacher , the `home room , &apos; starts at 8 : 40 .
but before class began , it was my turn to introduce myself .
i &apos;m not someone who likes to talk in front of other people , mind you , let alone a class of 40 .
because i didn &apos;t have a school uniform yet , i was dressed in one of my host mother &apos;s old skirts , as well as a blouse , blue stockings and black leather shoes .
in this attire , i stood before the desk and tried to pronounce everything correctly : &apos; sayonara wo she sylvana ... &apos; - my name is sylvana , i &apos;m from germany and my birthday is a week from now .
at that moment , i was very glad that i &apos;d been learning the language for two years already .
the 31 girls in class were all whispering and giggling among themselves and waving at me , and i kept hearing the word `kawaii . &apos; 
i already knew it from my manga .
it &apos;s part of the essential vocabulary of japanese girls and means `cute , &apos; `sweet . &apos; 
then i scurried to my seat .
the girl beside me was smiling rather brightly . she thought it was an honor that the exchange student should be seated next to her .
the rest of class was pretty uneventful , but when the bell rang , they were all practically crowding me .
they were talking all at once and giggled and bombarded me with one question after another , even though japanese english is really hard to understand .
then , during the break , everybody got out their bentos .
my host mother had prepared such a lunch box for me , too - it &apos;s something else than the bleak german lunch break sandwiches .
i had rice with herbs , little sausages , salad made from cucumber and algae , fruit and some kind of meat in a tofu coat .
most of the time i don &apos;t have the first clue what i &apos;m eating here in japan .
the stuff looks weird and has a completely novel taste .
i can say this : it &apos;s all delicious .
well , except for the salty plums in oil , that is . yeuch !
at japanese schools , the bentos aren &apos;t just lunch .
sometimes it happens that a girl gives a homemade bento that she &apos;s fixed in a particularly fancy way to a boy , in the hope of getting to know him better during lunch break .
i read about that in my manga .
i &apos;m looking forward to finding out whether that &apos;s happening here , too .
`why japan , of all places ? , &apos; my girlfriends asked when i told them that i wanted to go to school in tokyo for a year .
and i always told them :
`because it happens to fascinate me . &apos; 
after all , manga have been my favorite reading material for years .
and in order to have a better understanding of the comics and the culture in them , i eventually started to learn a little japanese , as well .
so for me it &apos;s been a no-brainer that i would have to come here eventually .
because i also have a penchant for tradition , manners and customs .
and those are considered very important here .
on the one hand , japan is the land of the latest technologies and trends , but on the other hand it is strict , disciplined and traditional .
and because everything is so well-organized , i haven &apos;t felt lost yet , even though tokyo is the biggest city i &apos;ve ever seen .
rats have feelings , too
when in danger , a rat or roach will run away . does it mean they experience fear , too ?
neuroscientist joseph ledoux is convinced that many animals have feelings , as well .
but if they act the same way we do , how could it be determined whether they also experience the same feelings ?
the internet magazine `edge &apos; has been running pieces by famous scientists for years .
in a series , spiegel online presents a selection of responses to the question , `what do you consider to be true without being able to prove it ? &apos;
i believe that animals have feelings , as well as other modes of awareness , although neither i nor anybody else have been able to prove it to date . for that matter , we haven &apos;t even been able to prove that other people possess awareness .
but in that case , we can at least hope , since all human brains possess the same basic configuration .
as soon as we turn to other species and raise questions on feelings or awareness in general , however , we are entering difficult terrain , because the hardware is not compatible .
when a rat is in danger , it does the same thing as many other animals : it plays possum , runs away or attacks .
humans behave similarly , which leads some scientists to conclude that the subjective experience is comparable .
but i don &apos;t believe that .
there are two aspects of our brain structure that make it difficult to project our subjective experience onto animals .
for one thing , those circuits almost always involved in human awareness include the lateral prefrontal cortex ( due to the part it plays in short-term memory and executive and control functions ) .
this broad region is more advanced in humans than it is in other primates , and it seems to be entirely missing in other creatures .
so at least as far as these aspects of our awareness depending on the prefrontal cortex are concerned - among them the knowledge who we are and the ability to plan and to make decisions - there is reason to assume that humans are distinct even from other primates .
another dramatic distinction is likely to consist in man &apos;s linguistic nature : because such a vast part of what humans experience is tied to language , it &apos;s often said that their awareness depends on it .
in that case , animals could be excluded .
but even if awareness was not dependent on language , it would certainly be affected by it , meaning that animal awareness , however it may be defined , would likely be very different from most of our states of awareness .
that &apos;s why it is so difficult to determine what animal awareness may be like .
if you have something that , being internal and subjective , can be neither measured nor - due to its special hardware - analyzed according to our own experience , then its study comes with significant challenges .
my explanation has mostly been concerned with the realm of conscious awareness , but aside from that , there is another important aspect of awareness that is more easily accessible scientifically .
animal awareness processes can be studied regardless of their content , and that &apos;s exactly what &apos;s happening in the study of the short-term memory of primates , particularly when it comes to the example of visualization .
but this approach , which was followed by christof koch and francis crick , is concerned with the neural correlates of awareness rather than the causal mechanisms , which may or may not be identical .
interestingly , this approach also emphasizes the significance of the prefrontal cortex for the generation of the visualization .
what does this mean for feelings , now ?
let me remind you that an emotional system like that of fear is triggered in a brain that &apos;s aware of its own activity .
what we call `fear , &apos; consequently , is the mental state we are in when the activity of the defense system located in the brain ( or its effects , such as physical reactions ) is using virtual memory .
from that perspective , feelings are closely tied to those regions of the cortex which are unique to primates , and humans in particular .
in conjunction with the linguistic nature , the result are delicate emotional shades , because through words and grammar we can differentiate between states and categorize them , in order to project them onto others as well .
in contrast to this , antonio damasio supposes , for instance , that feelings result from more primitive activities in the areas of the cortext and the brainstem concerned with bodily sensations . jaak pankseep says something similar , but his focus is more on the brainstem .
since this network hadn &apos;t changed in the course of human evolution , they say , it might well be a cause of cross-species sensations .
in theory , i can &apos;t disagree with that , but i consider it improvable .
pankseep argues that what seemed to be fear with rats and humans probably felt like it , as well , in both cases . but how can we determine whether rats and humans feel the same thing when they act in similar ways ?
a roach &apos;s response to danger is flight . does it experience fear ?
as far as i &apos;m concerned , a mere similarity of actions is not sufficient proof for an identity of experiences .
the neural comparison is helpful , granted : rats and humans have similar brainstems , whereas roaches do not even have brains .
but is the brainstem responsible for emotions ?
and even if it could be proved for humans - how would one want to prove it for rats ?
i believe rats and other mammals - maybe even roaches ( who knows ? ) - have emotions .
but i wouldn &apos;t know how to prove it .
and because their feelings are supposedly fundamentally different from ours ( since human awareness is based on specific circuits and on language ) , i prefer to study emotional behavior rather than the emotional sensations of rats .
there is the promise of results on the neural level here , in any case , provided the same can be measured in rats and humans .
just like i don &apos;t study language and awareness in rats , neither do i study their emotions , given that i don &apos;t even know if they exist .
one may consider that to be short-sighted , but i prefer to make progress , rather than to keep hitting a wall .
i just happen to be a practical emotionalist .
uefa president platini : reprieve for poland and ukraine
ukrainian vice prime minister ivan vasyunik said that preparations would soon be transferred to the direct responsibility of the president and the prime minister .
`the government considers uefa &apos;s decision a display of trust in ukraine and its ability to host the eurocup together with poland , &apos; vasyunik said .
`this is no amnesty for our country .
work has only just begun , and there is much still to be done in both countries . &apos; 
the two hosts are behind on the schedule for the construction or reconstruction of stadiums , roads , hotels and airports .
even a reduction of the number of euro stadiums from eight to six is possible .
`we cannot waste any more time .
we have to proceed at great speed now , &apos; said grigoriy surkis , president of the ukrainian soccer association .
`uefa will be keeping an eye on us constantly . &apos; 
an even more radical measure was taken in poland .
after numerous scandals , the leadership of the polish association pzpn was suspended by the national olympic committee and replaced with independent administrator robert zawlocki .
the commission had been assembled at the request of minister of sport miroslav drzeviecki .
there was `the serious danger that the pzpn is not able to act according to the rules , &apos; drzeviecki told polish news agency pap .
`we have reassured uefa president michel platini in a letter that preparations for the euro 2012 will not suffer because of this . &apos; 
in the past season alone , several major-league teams had been convicted for manipulation and sentenced to a forced relegation . ultimately , even the beginning of the season had to be postponed on short notice .
indignant dennis quaid strikes back
she wanted to promote a new film , talked about personal matters in an interview - and now she &apos;s in trouble with her ex : hollywood star meg ryan called her former husband dennis quaid an adulterer .
the latter is fuming at her - and strikes back .
belated marital war between former spouses meg ryan and dennis quaid : seven years after divorcing , the two hollywood actors are now engaged in an unsightly - and public - argument .
in an interview with u.s. magazine `instyle &apos; last week , meg ryan had for the first time addressed the reasons for the failure of the marriage : `dennis was cheating on me for a long time , and that was very painful . &apos; 
she had only learned about the extent of his unfaithfulness after the divorce , she said .
the occasion for her candor was ryan &apos;s promotion of her new film `the women &apos; - which tells the story of an adultery .
dennis quaid &apos;s reaction to being portrayed as a cheating husband was unequivocal : it was `outrageous , &apos; the 54-year-old told the `new york daily news , &apos; that `meg is repeatedly rehashing and revising the history of our relationship . &apos; 
it was also `regrettable &apos; that their common 16-year-old son jack was again `publicly reminded of the pain and the upheavals a divorce brings for any child , &apos; he said .
while ryan has been living on her own since the divorce , quaid remarried and recently became the father of twins .
he concluded his comments with a sideswipe . `my life has moved on , at any rate .
i consider myself lucky to have a wonderful family that is doing well . &apos; 
flight and hotel rates drop
in the first half-year of 2008 , flights and rooms in europe were cheaper than in the previous year .
in germany , flight rates even dropped by as much as 50 percent , a current survey says .
rates for flights and hotel rooms have dropped again , according to a survey by travel and financial services provider american express .
analyzing its booking data from the first half-year of 2008 , the company found that , after an increase of rates in the first quarter , there was a significant drop in the second quarter .
following years of increasing rates in the hotel market , rooms have already become cheaper in many places .
from january to march , rates in 41 out of 48 analyzed european cities were still increasing by an average 6.9 percent compared to 2007 .
but from april to june , rates had already dropped by 3.6 percent versus the previous year .
the trend was most visible in paris and rome , the survey says , where travelers had to pay between 30 and 37 percent less than a year ago .
american express considers the weak dollar to be the reason for this , as it results in a `decreasing desire for travel among american tourists . &apos; 
financial centers like frankfurt and london were hit harder by the dropping hotel rates than industry locations such as hannover , cologne or stavanger , it further says .
with an increase of 26.3 percent , hotel rates in the norwegian city are holding the record for europe , even .
flight rates were also still trending up in the first quarter .
due to the increasing cost of kerosene , economy-class travelers had to pay 7.1 percent more on average than in 2007 , while rates for more fuel-intensive long-range flights even went up by as much as 29.2 percent .
from april to june , economy-class flight rates dropped by an average 12.5 percent versus the preceding quarter , whereas business- and first-class price changes were much less noticeable .
in germany , rates dropped even more sharply than in other european countries .
from january to march , rates had increased by 11.9 percent , in the second quarter they dropped by 23.6 percent .
the rates of domestic german flights were halved even , a survey says .
on the one hand , the sudden drop in rates was the result of the slowing economic growth , the company says .
demand was receding in many segments of the air-travel market , it says .
on the other hand , there was an increase in competitive pressure through the open skies agreement , which deregulates air travel between the u.s. and europe .
among the signs of increasing tension were the cancelation of unprofitable routes at airlines , it says , as well as the high number of airlines filing for bankruptcy in the first half-year of 2008 - in europe alone , it was 24 airlines , it says .
hamburg sv 1 , borussia moenchengladbach 0
with one goal and simple measures , hamburg sv conquers the top of the chart .
at borussia , luhukay remains unable to find a working team .
by kristoffer klein . enlarge . crash landing for german international marko marin .
the gladbach player joined the game late and missed , lifting the ball to the crossbar .
his message was concisely phrased and left his throat convincingly .
he simply knew that he was right .
`we need the second goal , &apos; hermann rieger hissed in the hallway at hamburg arena .
not a lot was going on in the `catacombs . &apos; the half-time break was over and most people had returned to their seats .
rieger was hsv &apos;s physiotherapist for nearly three decades . he is held in higher esteem than some other lapsed actors .
and thus , his plea was heard by the powers that be .
assistant coach cornelius jol nodded and raised his thumb in agreement .
cornelius is the brother of hamburg &apos;s coach-in-chief , martin jol .
the latter &apos;s order is likely to have been a similar one : get me goal number two !
it was never executed .
`not everything was fun to look at today , &apos; marcell jansen later admitted .
bastian reinhardt would also have `wished &apos; for things to be `more relaxed . &apos; 
hamburg has to thank mladen petric for scoring the 1-0 ( 1-0 ) with his header ( 11th ) ; and the fact that a very weak gladbach team proved unable to hit the weak hamburg team where it hurts .
`it was a dirty victory , &apos; martin jol summed things up .
this monday , hamburg sv turns 121 years old .
spectators began celebrating on saturday evening - themselves , the blue sky above the arena and the instant chart on the video screen that showed their club as top of the class .
it &apos;s going to be a birthday without a real party .
`we know where to file this one , &apos; said marcell jansen .
he senses that the chart &apos;s intermediate report says more about the unpredictability of the liga than about the dominance of his hsv .
the team and its belatedly signed-on new members - brazilians neves and silva , goal-getter petric , as well as jansen , who was wooed away from fc bayern - are slowly finding their form , but they are not shining brightly yet .
`we need more style and more dribbling , &apos; jol demanded .
after the voting failure
fear is making the rounds on wall street .
initial reports of the bailout failure at one point resulted in the dow jones dropping by 700 points .
it was the biggest one-day point-drop in its history .
later , the dow jones somewhat recuperated again .
around 8 : 30 pm the world &apos;s most significant market indicator listed with 10,579 points , with a minus of more than five percent .
the technology stock exchange nasdaq was at 1548 points , with a minus of more than seven percent .
in the dow , the biggest losses were suffered by american express at this stage , which dropped by 14 percent , as well as by the bank of america , which lost around twelve percent .
there were no increases for any shares .
shares of the bank goldman sachs declined by approximately ten percent .
large-scale investor warren buffet had bought into the company only a few days ago .
the bailout included the provision of funds for the acquisition of so-called bad mortgage certificates .
the sum is not to be disbursed at one go , however , but incrementally .
in turn , the united states was to obtain stock purchase warrants from the finance companies that could be discharged once share prices were appropriate , in order to reduce the burden on the national treasury .
stock markets in europe and the u.s. in downward spiral
the billion-dollar aids for banks in europe and in the u.s. are not assuaging investors &apos; doubts .
shares of the german major bank hypo real estate are declining and dragging down the dax .
the u.s. index dow jones is declining despite the united states &apos; planned bailout of the financial market .
spectacular share losses at hypo real estate and commerzbank have plunged the german stock index ( dax ) into a deep minus .
despite the bailout by the german federal government and by private banks , shares of the munich-based real-estate financer declined by three fourths at one point , while commerzbank lost more than 20 percent .
the dax dropped significantly below the important psychological 6,000-point marker and listed at 5,839 points , with a minus of 3.7 percent .
stock markets were brought to their knees all over the world .
in new york , wall street opened with significant losses .
investors feared that the u.s. government &apos;s 700-billion-dollar bailout might not suffice to kickstart the financial markets .
the dow lost 334 points or 3.3 percent in the first hour of trade , dropping to 10,809.25 points .
the u.s. house of representatives wanted to vote on the bailout plan . the vote in the senate could follow on october 1st .
the remaining european banks also knew but one direction : in london , the ftse index initially dropped by 3.2 percent , in paris the cac 40 lost 2.9 percent .
in asia , the leading japanese index nikkei dropped by 1.26 percent to 11,743.61 points after initial gains .
in hong kong , the hang seng index declined by 2.1 percent to 18,286.90 points .
in india , the leading index sensex lost 506.43 points or 3.9 percent and closed at 12,595.75 points .
in the mdax , arcandor shares dropped after the announcement of a capital increase .
private bank sal . oppenheim applied for the 23 million new shares .
the trade and tourism corporation also announced that its shares in thomas cook would not be sold .
dark matter affects flight of space probes
for years , a mysterious phenomenon has had researchers stumped : dark matter is affecting the speed of space probes during so-called swing-by maneuvers .
experts fear that albert einstein &apos;s general theory of relativity may not be entirely correct .
for almost 18 years , the probe `ulysses &apos; has been flying through space .
due to freezing fuel lines , it is now threatening to shut down .
among scientists , a mysterious phenomenon has been causing confusion for years - the swing-by anomaly .
the swing-by is a flight maneuver during which space probes gain additional acceleration in the gravitational field of a celestial body , such as earth .
it enables the probes to save a lot of fuel .
the european-american research probe cassini-huygens made use of this physical trick , as did the solar probe ulysses .
but what researches have been wondering about for years is this : the objects in flight are not behaving precisely in the way we have come to expect according to the venerable law of gravitation .
rather , there are irregularities in their speed .
the probes unexpectedly become faster or slower .
to date , physicists have been unable to explain this effect .
they have dubbed it the swing-by anomaly .
some experts fear that even albert einstein &apos;s general theory of relativity , which describes the gravitational pull of matter through a curvature of space , may not be entirely correct .
the american physicist stephen adler at the institute for advanced study in princeton still firmly believes that einstein did not err , and is trying to explain the swing-by anomaly by way of the so-called dark matter that astronomers discovered in the universe .
`it could be dark matter existing very close to earth that may be responsible for the anomaly , &apos; he writes .
space researchers have only been aware of the existence of dark matter for about ten years .
evidently , it emits a gravitational force whose effect on other celestial bodies is measurable .
the dark matter itself is completely invisible , however , meaning that it neither sends nor emits any electromagnetic radiation whatsoever , such as , consequently , visible light in particular .
according to the scientists &apos; calculations , dark matter constitutes as much as one fifth of all matter in the universe .
abducted tourists in egypt released
after being held hostage by their captors for ten days , the tourists abducted in egypt have evidently been released , as confirmed by the italian foreign minister .
the abductors from sudan had demanded a ransom of several million euros .
in a shoot-out preceding the rescue , six of their captors were reportedly killed .
in the south of egypt , five germans have been abducted .
negotiations concerning a ransom are reportedly already underway .
time and again , germans end up in the crosshairs of kidnappers .
`welt online &apos; reports the most notable cases .
the european tourists abducted in the sahara have apparently been freed .
reports by egyptian state television , the arabian tv channel al-arabiya and italian media are in accordance on that .
according to italian tv channel sky tg 24 , italian foreign minister franco frattini confirmed the release : `our fellow citizens and the other hostages have been freed .
right now we are checking their health , &apos; frattini said .
the five germans , five italians , one romanian woman and their eight egyptian companions were safe and sound , egyptian state television reported .
the 19 participants of a desert expedition were already on their way to cairo , it said .
the circumstances of the shoot-out preceding the release remain unclear : according to an egyptian security agent , the captors were ready to end the abduction when the sudanese army suddenly killed six of the abductors .
`the problem had been solved .
they had agreed to a ransom , &apos; the agent said .
it had been `only a matter of receiving the hostages , &apos; when suddenly `this surprise &apos; happened .
on sunday , sudanese soldiers had shot dead six of the abductors and taken two as prisoners in the border region between sudan , chad and egypt .
the abductors had demanded a ransom of six million euros from germany ; the money was to be delivered by the german wife of one of the hostages .
citing a german negotiator , the daily newspaper `el masri el jom &apos; reported that the release was being delayed because the kidnappers were fearing for their safety .
according to the report , the abductors intended to release the female hostages once the ransom had been paid .
the men were to be held captive until the abductors would have secured an escape route .
the german embassy in cairo declined to comment on the report .
stepfather abuse &quot; led to suicide &quot;
years of abuse by her stepfather led a woman to kill herself , a court has been told .
michael trerise , 57 , of stithians , cornwall , was jailed for six years after he admitted eight counts of indecent assault .
truro crown court heard he regularly tied up his step-daughter stephanie randle , when she was aged between five and seven .
trerise wrote in a confession note : &quot; i feel responsible for her death . &quot;
the court heard that ms randle killed herself at her home in mutley , plymouth , on 1 april 2007 , aged 34 .
when she was a child living in coventry , trerise had tied her up and blindfolded her before performing sexual acts , while her mother was out working at a pub .
trerise and his wife divorced in the 1980s , and he returned to live in cornwall .
his step-daughter went to plymouth .
but the court heard that ms randle , who spent much of her time volunteering for the national trust , was haunted by the abuse which had been inflicted on her twice-weekly .
by 2006 , prosecutor ramsey quaife told the court , friends said ms randle , who had been a keen surfer and cyclist , was &quot; emotionally dead &quot; , and had &quot; given up on life &quot; .
in april 2007 her real father , terrance randle , found her dead at her flat in plymouth .
she is thought to have killed herself through suffocation using a plastic bag .
mr randle confronted his daughter &apos;s step-father , who wrote a confession letter which ended : &quot; i used to tie her up and blindfold her .
&quot; i didn &apos;t sexually assault her .
i feel responsible for her death . &quot;
judge christopher elwen told trerise : &quot; you are an extremely strange fetishist , and for your victim it must have been terrifying , especially when she was only seven .
&quot; this unpleasant saga ends with the victim taking her own life .
even more stark , is the fact that had she not done so , it &apos;s very doubtful that matters would have ended up in court . &quot;
he added : &quot; i note the effect stephanie &apos;s father and mother describe your crime having on their daughter over the years .
&quot; she was plainly otherwise likely to have been a promising , successful and happy young woman . &quot;
lost data official to be charged
the cabinet office official who left top-secret documents on a train in june is to be charged under the official secrets act , the bbc has learned .
the man was on secondment from the ministry of defence when he left two highly classified documents on a train to waterloo .
the documents were passed to the bbc before being handed over to the police .
it is the least sensitive charge under the act and there is no suggestion of criminal intent .
bbc defence correspondent frank gardner said the move would have come as a surprise to many in whitehall .
&quot; they will have thought this was being dealt with internally at the mod and cabinet office , &quot; he said .
the employee , who cannot be named , is being charged under section 8.1 of the act , the clause which deals with safeguarding information .
the crown prosecution service recommended the official should be charged by the metropolitan police due to the highly sensitive nature of his work on the joint intelligence committee .
the documents he misplaced contained classified assessments about al-qaeda and the capabilities of iraq &apos;s security forces .
he was informed of the decision on monday morning and was moved from his home to an undisclosed location .
building societies face b &amp; b bill
britain &apos;s building societies could face a bill of more than £ 80m after the rescue of the bradford &amp; bingley bank .
the government provided £ 14bn to protect the deposits of bradford &amp; bingley &apos;s 2.6 million savers .
the interest on that loan will be paid by all firms that take savers &apos; money , including the 59 building societies .
the director general of the building societies association ( bsa ) adrian coles said it was &quot; galling &quot; that societies and their members had to pay .
the £ 14bn loan will eventually be repaid as bradford &amp; bingley &apos;s mortgages are redeemed .
but the interest which will accrue in the meantime will be charged each year to the 700 financial companies which take deposits .
the financial services compensation scheme confirmed to the bbc that the 59 building societies would be included in that number .
it is galling that those institutions that behaved prudently ... are now being called upon to pay some of the bills of those institutions that were far less prudent
adrian coles , bsa
it said each firm had to pay in proportion to the deposits it held , and that the societies between them had to pay about 18 % of the cost .
the treasury estimates that the interest on the loan will amount to £ 450m in 2009 .
that means the societies will have to find £ 81m to pay the first year &apos;s interest .
adrian coles , director general of the building societies &apos; trade association , told the bbc he believes that is unfair .
&quot; it is galling that those institutions that behaved prudently in the housing market upswing are now being called upon to pay some of the bills of those institutions that were far less prudent . &quot;
according to the bsa , no society has failed since its records began in 1945 .
&quot; we will need to examine all the aspects of this over the next few weeks to see what options there are to protect building societies and their members from what could be a significant bill , &quot; added mr cole .
the interest due in 2009 cover seven months from the end of september this year to the end of march .
in 2010 a full year &apos;s interest will be due and that could be almost twice as much .
since building societies are mutual organisations with no shareholders , their members will end up paying the bill either through higher charges or lower interest rates on saving accounts .
milk to go up five pence a litre
people in jersey are facing having to pay more for their milk .
jersey dairy has announced that it will increase the wholesale price of its milk by an extra five pence a litre from monday .
it is the second price increase this year , following a two pence rise in february , and comes after research carried out by a consultancy company .
retailers are to decide for themselves if they want pass on the price increases to their customers .
before the february increase , the wholesale price of jersey milk last changed in 2002 .
bangladesh ex-pm is denied bail
a bangladesh court has rejected a bail plea of former pm sheikh hasina , meaning that she could be arrested when she returns to the country .
her lawyers said the court refused to grant her bail over charges of extorting 50 million taka ( $ 729,700 ) from a businessman when she was pm .
the case is one of several corruption charges pending against her .
sheikh hasina &apos;s long-time political rival , khaleda zia , was released on bail earlier this month .
sheikh hasina is due to return to bangladesh over the next few weeks but her party , the awami league , has demanded that the country &apos;s military-backed caretaker government should first give her full freedom .
correspondents say that while she was given parole to go abroad for medical treatment , it is not clear under the terms of her release whether she will be able to remain at liberty when she returns to bangladesh .
her lawyers say that she will now appeal in the supreme court against the high court order .
&quot; the high court rejected sheikh hasina &apos;s bail petition saying that she doesn &apos;t have to get bail as she &apos;s already undergoing treatment abroad on parole , &quot; her barrister rafique-ul huq said .
&quot; we &apos;ll file an appeal against the high court order . &quot;
her lawyers argued that she needed bail to come back to the country from abroad to prepare for elections in december .
sheikh hasina is expected to return home after 17 october , a senior awami league party leader said on sunday .
she was detained last year after the army-backed interim government assumed power , but was released from prison in june , to go abroad for medical treatment .
both sheikh hasina and khaleda zia deny all charges against them .
fears for afghan anti-polio drive
almost 200,000 children in afghanistan missed out on a recent polio immunisation drive because of violence linked to the taleban , the un says .
the un carried out a vaccination programme in six provinces last week .
but it says it could not reach children in parts of helmand and kandahar in the south for security reasons .
a un spokesman said this was despite pledges from the taleban that they would not attack or obstruct thousands of staff carrying out the vaccinations .
bskyb loses itv legal challenge
bskyb has lost its legal challenge to the competition commission &apos;s decision forcing the firm to reduce its stake in rival broadcaster itv .
bskyb has been told by the competition appeal tribunal to cut its holding in itv from 17.9 % to below 7.5 % .
previously , the commission said that bskyb &apos;s stake thwarted competition and allowed it unfair influence over itv .
bskyb bought the stake in 2006 in a deal which effectively blocked ntl , now renamed virgin media , from buying itv .
in april 2007 , the office of fair trading reported that bskyb &apos;s acquisition of its stake in itv shed doubt on the independence of itv , prompting the competition commission to launch a probe .
virgin boss sir richard branson , consumer groups and the regulator ofcom all opposed the purchase .
bskyb argued that forcing it to reduce its itv stake was unreasonable and a disproportionate remedy - particularly as bskyb had said it would surrender its voting rights .
new probe into us attorney affair
the us attorney general has appointed a special prosecutor to look into the firing of nine us attorneys in 2006 .
the move came as a report into the affair by the inspector general of the justice department criticised the actions of administration officials .
the report was critical of white house officials , lawmakers and the former attorney general alberto gonzales .
the investigation was prompted by fears that the attorneys had been removed for political reasons .
special prosecutor nora dannehy will now investigate whether officials questioned during the probe lied to investigators in an attempt to obstruct justice .
&quot; serious allegations involving potential criminal conduct have not been fully investigated or resolved , &quot; inspector general glenn fine said in his report .
the appointment of a special prosecutor with the power to force witnesses to testify was one of his key recommendations .
the row began when nine us attorneys were removed from their positions by the us department of justice in december 2006 .
at the time , the department said that the attorneys had been fired for poor performance .
but it later emerged that the fired attorneys had not been rated any more poorly than many of their colleagues , leading many observers to conclude that the sackings had been politically-motivated .
some of the attorneys had been involved in the prosecution of high-profile republican members of congress , while others had refused to investigate allegations of voter fraud against democrats .
us attorneys investigate and prosecute court cases for the government .
they can be dismissed at any time , but may not be removed for political reasons .
the then head of the justice department , attorney general alberto gonzales , came under fire for the sackings , and eventually resigned his position .
a number of other justice department officials also resigned .
the inspector general &apos;s report was highly critical of mr gonzales &apos;s role in the affair , saying he bore &quot; primary responsibility &quot; for the sackings , that he &quot; abdicated &quot; his leadership role and was &quot; remarkably unengaged &quot; in the process .
other officials , including former senior bush aide karl rove , were criticised for failing to co-operate with the investigation .
meat loaf &apos;s epic to be honoured
rock star meat loaf is to be honoured at the q awards for his epic anthem bat out of hell .
the singer , who will collect his special golden award at next week &apos;s ceremony in london , said he was &quot; honoured &quot; to gain recognition .
the song , which lasts nine minutes and fifty seconds , was the title track to meat loaf &apos;s hit 1977 album .
coldplay are leading the nominations for this year &apos;s awards , making the shortlists of four categories .
paul rees , q magazine &apos;s editor-in-chief , said : &quot; there are some songs that transcend such things as time and genre , and bat out of hell is assuredly one of them . &quot;
the song , penned by jim steinman , required a huge vocal which was delivered by meat loaf .
it opened with an instrumental section which lasted almost two minutes .
the song was released as a single in the uk in 1979 and peaked at number 15 .
but meat loaf &apos;s bat out of hell album spent around nine years in the chart and went on to sell more than 40 million copies worldwide .
meat loaf - real name marvin lee aday - has suffered health problems in recent years , including surgery for an irregular heartbeat in 2003 after collapsing on stage .
in 2007 , acute laryngitis forced him to cancel concerts .
it later emerged that he had a cyst on his vocal chord .
obscure city street , often forgotten and perhaps soon for sale
new york city has thousands of avenues , boulevards , streets and other byways , some famous , others merely utilitarian .
but even many veteran taxi drivers and longtime local residents find it difficult to give the location of extra place , mostly because they have never heard of it .
the tiny street is in the east village and runs north from first street - without making it to second street - between the bowery and second avenue .
about 30 feet wide and 120 feet long , it resembles a dusty alleyway more than an active thoroughfare .
there are no street signs .
it is virtually impossible to see on a standard atlas .
the street does , however , have admirers .
for instance , there is avalon bay , the developer of recently constructed luxury buildings on first street .
it wants to repave extra place and create a cleaner passageway to the shops and boutiques that are expected to open in the new buildings .
other admirers include longtime neighbors who said they were charmed by the truncated lane simply because it was one of the last remnants of the block &apos;s pregentrified past .
but the city &apos;s department of housing preservation and development , which has control of the street , has no interest in holding on to it .
at a meeting of the neighborhood community board &apos;s land use committee this month , representatives of the city agency and avalon bay outlined a proposal for the developer to buy the street .
but the committee prefers that the street remain in the city &apos;s hands , and it asked for a new plan to be submitted next month , said susan stetzer , the district manager of community board 3 .
&quot; there &apos;s very little city-owned space left , and we would like the city to continue to own extra place , &quot; she said .
&quot; there could be proposals to fix it up and manage it , which could be done by avalon , but we also want to guarantee public access . &quot;
avalon bay announced several months ago that it wanted to repave the little street and install seats , including some to be used by a cafe to which the developer expects to lease space .
the idea that avalon bay might buy the street was first made public at this month &apos;s meeting .
michele de milly , a spokeswoman for avalon bay , said that though the company wanted to use the street , it did not necessarily want to own it .
&quot; avalon bay &apos;s principal concern is refurbishing this derelict alleyway and turning it into a public amenity , &quot; she said , adding that the city had suggested the sale .
seth donlin , a spokesman for housing preservation , said it was indeed the city &apos;s desire to sell the street and noted that the agency &apos;s mission was to develop property rather than manage it .
compared with its more colorful neighbor , the bowery , extra place has left a light historical footprint .
some believe it got its name in 1802 , when a large farm owned by philip minthorne was split up among several of his children and the narrow strip of land was unclaimed .
the back door of cbgb , the punk rock monument that closed in 2006 , opened onto extra place , and the street is perhaps best known as the setting for the cover photograph of the ramones &apos; album &quot; rocket to russia . &quot;
&quot; the ground was magnificent , &quot; said danny fields , the manager of the ramones , who took the photograph in november 1976 .
&quot; it was filled with junk , shreds of clothes and pieces of barrels , posters , leaves , ropes . &quot;
some residents , including bloggers who write about the gentrification of the east village , have opposed the idea of selling extra place , arguing that the piece of public property , modest as it is , should remain public .
others have lauded extra place as a rarity - a virtually unchanged sliver of the city that ought to be left alone .
jeremiah moss , who runs a blog called jeremiah &apos;s vanishing new york ( subtitled , &quot; the book of lamentations : a bitterly nostalgic look at a city in the process of going extinct &quot; ) , posted part of a talk of the town story about extra place that appeared in the new yorker in 1952 .
the author , brendan gill , wrote : &quot; extra place is a narrow little dead-end street , dark even by day and marked off by rusty iron warehouse doors and shuttered windows , with week-old newspapers blowing along the gutters . &quot;
with a few exceptions , the street looked much the same on a recent evening .
a rat skittered across the back of the street near a door that used to lead into cbgb , which is now the site of an upscale clothing store .
graffiti was on walls and an empty 22-ounce beer bottle lay near a fresh batch of discarded newspapers .
a few passersby said that they rarely thought about extra place but suggested that it could use some sprucing up .
mr. fields , for his part , said he thought that some people were underestimating the appeal of the street in its current state .
&quot; the best years of my life , &quot; he said , &quot; were in places that were dark , damp and disgusting . &quot;
the bilingual debate : english immersion
in this installment of education watch , bruce fuller and lance t. izumi discuss the candidates &apos; positions on bilingual education .
lance t. izumi , a senior fellow in california studies and the senior director of education studies at the pacific research institute for public policy , is the co-author of the book &quot; not as good as you think : why the middle class needs school choice . &quot;
making effective appeals to hispanic voters is a tricky business .
barack obama &apos;s education proposals are a case in point .
mr. obama &apos;s campaign notes that , &quot; african-american and latino students are significantly less likely to graduate than white students , &quot; which is true .
to combat such achievement gaps , mr. obama &apos;s education plan specifically advocates , among other things , &quot; transitional bilingual education &quot; for english-learners .
yet , the question for mr. obama is whether his commitment to bilingual education , which emphasizes classroom instruction in languages other than english , overrides his interest in closing achievement gaps .
take , for example , sixth street prep , a charter elementary school in eastern los angeles county .
the school &apos;s students are overwhelmingly hispanic and low income .
more than a third of the students , many of whom are recent arrivals , are learning english .
yet , among fourth graders , an astounding 100 percent of the students tested at the proficient level on the 2008 state math exam .
a nearly equally amazing 93 percent of fourth graders tested proficient on the state english-language-arts exam .
this incredible success was achieved using a different ingredient than the one favored by mr. obama .
sixth street emphasizes review and practice , constant assessment of skills and a no-excuses attitude .
furthermore , and here &apos;s where mr. obama should take note , according to linda mikels , sixth street &apos;s principal , the school &apos;s instructional approach for english learners is &quot; full immersion . &quot;
english immersion emphasizes the near-exclusive use of english in content instruction .
ms. mikels , who opposes bilingual education , told me , &quot; we &apos;ve had tremendous success with having a student who is brand new from mexico and you would walk into a classroom 12 months later and you wouldn &apos;t be able to pick out which one he was . &quot;
&quot; it &apos;s working , &quot; she observed , &quot; it &apos;s working for us . &quot;
would mr. obama hold up a school like sixth street prep as one model for replication by other schools with large hispanic and english-learner populations ?
the school &apos;s achievement results should make the answer to that question a no-brainer , but the education politics within his own party ( the national education associations has been a long-time supporter of bilingual education ) and his own consistent support for bilingual education obscure predicting mr. obama &apos;s response .
while he agrees that immigrants should learn english , mr. obama recently trivialized the issue when he said that people should stop worrying about &quot; english-only &quot; legislation .
instead , he said , &quot; you need to make sure your child can speak spanish . &quot;
if mr. obama truly wishes to close achievement gaps , he should carefully consider education models that work rather than scorn or trivialize them .
oil falls sharply on renewed economic fears
oil prices dropped sharply on monday because of concerns that even the american bailout plan for the financial markets may fail to revive the economy .
crude oil futures fell as much as 7 percent to $ 99.80 a barrel on the new york mercantile exchange in morning trading .
prices have lost more than $ 20 a barrel since last monday .
in the last two weeks , commodity markets have been shaken by the financial turmoil on wall street , and a pair of powerful hurricanes in the gulf of mexico .
after reaching a high of $ 145.29 a barrel in july , prices had fallen to nearly $ 90 a barrel earlier this month , before once again jumping back up on the back of tremendous uncertainty in the financial markets .
anxiety gripped investors once again on monday even after congressional leaders said they had reached an agreement over the weekend about the bailout plan , the largest in history .
the news was overshadowed by fresh concerns that the financial crisis was far from over .
in the latest episode of the unfolding meltdown , citigroup will buy the banking operations of the wachovia corporation , the government said monday .
meanwhile , the belgian , dutch and luxembourg governments partially nationalized the european financial conglomerate fortis .
analysts at barclays capital said the frantic weekend negotiations that led to the bailout agreement &quot; appear to have failed to revive market sentiment . &quot;
as the economic situation deteriorates , the demand for commodities , including oil , is expected to slow down .
&quot; the outlook for global equity , interest rate and exchange rate markets has become increasingly uncertain , &quot; analysts at deutsche bank wrote in a note to investors .
&quot; we believe commodities will be unable to escape the contagion .
from a commodity perspective our most pressing concern is to what extent the us virus spreads globally and specifically to china . &quot;
the bank &apos;s analysts pared down their expectations for next year as oil consumption drops because of slowing economic growth , reducing their oil and gas price forecasts by about 20 percent for 2009 .
second-quarter spree sets team record
after spending more time in a jets uniform the last eight-plus seasons than anyone , defensive end shaun ellis thought he had seen it all .
then he watched the second quarter unfold sunday , when the jets transformed a scoreless game into a blowout .
&quot; never seen anything quite like that , &quot; ellis said .
the second quarter began after the jets and the arizona cardinals had matched the gloomy clouds hanging overhead with sloppy play .
then quarterback brett favre found laveranues coles for a 12-yard touchdown strike , providing the perfect harbinger for an afternoon when their evolving connection took a giant leap forward .
favre found coles for two more touchdowns in the quarter , including one when a cornerback fell down and another with 10 seconds left in the half .
&quot; i didn &apos;t go out of my way , &quot; favre said of all the passes that went to coles .
&quot; he &apos;s a hell of a player .
our communication has been great , regardless of what people may think . &quot;
while favre and coles played catch , the defense battered cardinals quarterback kurt warner .
cornerback darrelle revis intercepted an errant throw and returned it 32 yards for a touchdown .
safety eric smith tipped another pass and intercepted it .
linebacker david bowens forced a fumble by warner .
the last turnover , the fumble forced by bowens , might have been the most egregious .
the cardinals had taken over on that possession with 10 seconds left , and after the jets recovered the ball , jay feely kicked a 20-yard field goal for a 34-0 lead .
it was the most the jets had ever scored in a quarter .
asked to describe the craziness of it , jets coach eric mangini said , &quot; the second quarter or the third quarter ? &quot;
when he was told both - the jets allowed 21 unanswered points in the third quarter - mangini said : &quot; i can tell you i enjoyed the second quarter a lot more than i did the third quarter .
there were a lot of points scored in a short amount of time . &quot;
rested gebrselassie tops his world record
haile gebrselassie of ethiopia again showed why many consider him the greatest distance runner ever , breaking his own world record in the marathon in berlin on sunday and becoming the first person to run the 26.2-mile race under 2 hours 4 minutes .
with a victory on the accommodatingly flat course in 2 : 03 : 59 , gebrselassie shattered by 27 seconds his previous mark of 2 : 04 : 26 , run last year in berlin .
at 35 , gebrselassie set the 26th world record of a career of such stunning breadth that he has produced a world championship or world record at every distance from the metric mile to the marathon .
last month , gebrselassie skipped the olympic marathon in beijing , fearing - perhaps too alarmingly , in retrospect - that the air pollution would exacerbate his problems with asthma .
instead , he signed to run in berlin .
in near perfect conditions - sunny and 48 degrees at the start , 55 degrees at the finish - gebrselassie won sunday while averaging a blistering 4 minutes 43 seconds per mile .
as track runners like gebrselassie and paul tergat of kenya have turned to longer distances , the record for the marathon has fallen by more than two minutes in the past decade , since ronaldo da costa of brazil won in berlin in 2 : 06 : 05 in 1998 .
after sunday &apos;s victory , gebrselassie told reporters that he had cramps in his calf two weeks ago and had missed a week of training .
clearly , the layoff left him fresh , not rusty .
&quot; i &apos;m so happy , &quot; gebrselassie told reporters .
&quot; everything was perfect .
i started again a week ago , and had some doubts today , but in the end everything was fine . &quot;
he has come under some criticism - especially in kenya , ethiopia &apos;s east african rival - for overly orchestrating his races , generally avoiding many of the world &apos;s top marathon stars , relying on pacemakers as if it were a track race , and placing world records ahead of a sense of competition .
but this criticism hardly diminishes the greatness of gebrselassie &apos;s skill as a distance runner .
paced by four kenyans on sunday , gebrselassie reached the midway point in 1 : 02 : 04 .
two elite kenyan runners , james kwambai and charles kamathi , kept challenging gebrselassie after the pacemakers faded .
a little more than three miles from the finish , gebrselassie made a final surge to separate from kwambai , who finished second in 2 : 05 : 36 , improving his personal best by nearly five minutes .
kamathi took third in 2 : 07 : 48 .
in the women &apos;s race , irina mikitenko , a native of kazakhstan who is now a german citizen , completed a remarkable year by winning in 2 : 19 : 19 , the seventh-fastest time ever .
paula radcliffe of great britain holds the world record of 2 : 15 : 25 .
last spring , mikitenko , 36 , was a surprise winner of the london marathon in 2 : 24 : 14 .
she missed the beijing games with what was described as a back injury , but recovered to win in berlin , setting a personal best by nearly five minutes in the third marathon she has run .
she ran a race of smart calculation , letting a quartet of ethiopian and kenyan runners break out to a wide lead , then reeling them after about 18 ½ miles .
askale tafa magarsa of ethiopia took second in 2 : 21.31 , while helena kiprop of kenya finished third in 2 : 25 : 01 .
in a town apart , the pride and trials of black life
hidden in the theme-park sprawl of greater orlando , a few miles from the shiny , the loud and the gargantuan , lies a quiet town where the pride and complications of the african-american experience come to life .
eatonville , the first all-black town to incorporate in the country and the childhood home of zora neale hurston , is no longer as simple as she described it in 1935 : &quot; the city of five lakes , three croquet courts , 300 brown skins , 300 good swimmers , plenty guavas , two schools and no jailhouse . &quot;
it is now a place of pilgrimage .
alice walker , toni morrison and ruby dee have come to the annual zora ! festival in eatonville to pay their respects to hurston , the most famous female writer of the harlem renaissance .
and yet in many ways , the town she described - and made a tourist stop by including it in the florida travel guide produced by the depression-era federal writers &apos; project - remains a place apart .
it is as independent , dignified and private as it was in the 1930s , when hurston wrote that rural blacks in florida often resisted sharing their true thoughts with the white man , who &quot; knowing so little about us , he doesn &apos;t know what he is missing . &quot;
even now , in a year when a black presidential nominee , senator barack obama , has called for an open conversation about race , many here remain wary of the outsider &apos;s gaze .
&quot; we &apos;re very cautious about how our story is told , &quot; said hortense jones , 59 , a lifelong resident and member of the town &apos;s oldest church .
&quot; it needs to be right . &quot;
eatonville has long been defined as a paradox of triumph and struggle .
it is both a historic model of black empowerment and a community of nearly 2,400 where the poverty rates are twice the national average .
it is a literary hub but also an oak-shaded example of rural southern black culture - sometimes disdained , sometimes praised - that was born of american slavery .
not surprisingly , residents here are both proud and protective .
and the concern about eatonville &apos;s image really began with zora , which is all anyone here calls hurston .
she introduced the world to her hometown through heartfelt , dialect-heavy books like &quot; mules and men &quot; ( 1935 ) and &quot; their eyes were watching god &quot; ( 1937 ) .
five paragraphs in the florida guidebook transformed the town , just off route 17 , a road that runs through the oft-forgotten center of florida into a stage of black history and human drama .
bold as a bass drum in both life and literature , hurston led readers to the store owned by eatonville &apos;s first mayor , joe clarke , then veered into more private areas .
&quot; off the road on the left , &quot; she wrote , &quot; is the brown-with-white-trim modern public school , with its well-kept yards and playgrounds , which howard miller always looks after , though he can scarcely read and write . &quot;
she also mentioned the new husband of widow dash and wrote that lee glenn &quot; sells drinks of all kinds and whatever goes with transient rooms . &quot;
so in just a few hundred words , hurston linked eatonville with self-government but also illiteracy , remarriage and sex .
clearly , fodor &apos;s this was not .
in fact , it was not a portrait everyone appreciated .
&quot; zora told it like it was , &quot; said ella dinkins , 90 , one of the johnson girls hurston immortalized by quoting men singing off-color songs about their beauty .
she added : &quot; some people didn &apos;t like that . &quot;
hurston is still remembered here as a vivacious eccentric who frequently returned after her family moved to jacksonville , fla .
augustus franklin , 77 , recalled that when hurston sped into town , she usually arrived without notice in a thumping chevrolet , smoking and wearing pants in a town that even today prides itself on dignified dress .
most residents were fascinated , mr. franklin said , while many sneered .
&quot; people were always glad to see zora , &quot; mr. franklin said .
but , he added , rocking in his chair on a back patio overlooking lake sabelia , where hurston was most likely baptized , &quot; she never did stay too long . &quot;
when hurston died in 1960 , she was poor and her books had fallen out of print .
along with much of the world , eatonville seemed to have forgotten her .
though she was once a literary star , a contemporary of langston hughes and the only black woman at barnard college in the 1920s , she was buried in an unmarked grave in fort pierce , fla . , where she had been living .
in eatonville , there were no major memorial services , no grand public readings .
&quot; i don &apos;t think they understood her contribution to the world or her legacy at all , &quot; said valerie boyd , author of &quot; wrapped in rainbows , &quot; a hurston biography published in 2003 .
a turning point came in the 1980s .
orange county officials wanted to put a five-lane highway through town to replace kennedy boulevard , the community &apos;s puttering two-lane main street .
orlando &apos;s sprawl had already pushed interstate 4 through the western edge of town .
the proposal came as eatonville was still recovering from a difficult period in its history .
forced integration , among other things , had ended the community &apos;s relatively idyllic isolation .
in the 1950s , the fight over racial mixing brought hate to the community &apos;s doorstep .
&quot; during that time , a bunch of white boys , they would come through and throw oranges and things at people sitting down on the side , &quot; mr. franklin said .
&quot; we actually had a lady that got killed from that once .
they threw a watermelon out of the car . &quot;
in a 1955 letter to the orlando sentinel , hurston questioned the supreme court &apos;s demand for forced integration , calling its decision in brown v. board of education &quot; insulting rather than honoring my race . &quot;
residents now say that the desegregation of schools , while positive in some respects , diluted eatonville &apos;s cohesiveness and undermined the confidence of its youth .
&quot; black children were accustomed to being hugged - i remember this - you hugged your teacher in the morning , you hugged your teacher at night , &quot; said n. y. nathiri , the daughter of ella dinkins and the executive director of preserve the eatonville community , a nonprofit group .
that lasted , she added , until the teachers and students did not come from the same place .
&quot; you were not hugging your white teacher because your white teacher - i mean there &apos;s a cultural divide there , &quot; ms. nathiri said .
civil rights , however , helped create space for many more zora neale hurstons - black writers , actors and artists who rose above prejudice , like she did , with buoyant self-assurance and lines like : &quot; how can any deny themselves the pleasure of my company !
it &apos;s beyond me . &quot;
in 1975 , the writer alice walker trekked to hurston &apos;s unmarked grave and began fighting to resurrect her reputation .
five years later , an acclaimed hurston biography by robert e. hemenway hit bookshelves , reintroducing her to the american canon .
the highway project arrived just as eatonville &apos;s most famous daughter had once again found the spotlight .
and this time , hurston &apos;s old neighbors saw her as a savior .
the community began planning in 1988 for a hurston festival to show what the county could ruin with its highway .
thousands of fans came to the inaugural event two years later , and each january , many return for the celebration .
after several years , the county backed away from its road proposal .
&quot; the five-laning of the highway resurrected , it put in what you &apos;d call warp speed , real civic pride , &quot; ms. nathiri said .
ms. boyd put it more simply : &quot; zora saved eatonville . &quot;
victory over the highway project has helped change the town &apos;s self-image .
out-of-towners like rachelle munson , a lawyer who began coming to church here in 1993 , started to appear in larger numbers , and residents started to revalue the past .
eatonville joined the national historic registry in 1998 .
a new one-story library ( named after hurston , of course ) opened in 2006 on a repaved and beautified kennedy boulevard .
today , eatonville remains a florida anomaly : only six miles from downtown orlando , it can , at times , feel like a back street in a summer rain , as small as it did when it was founded with just 27 black families in the 1880s .
( it is 90 percent black today . )
outsiders who come looking for eatonville &apos;s story , its meaning , are often still treated with caution .
advance permission is required for most interviews , and certain things - like the murals at eatonville &apos;s oldest church , painted by a white man , showing black men in the fields - are not allowed to be photographed .
many in eatonville , like ms. jones , a bold , confident teacher partial to bright red , still fear that their insular community will be misunderstood .
and yet , as the hurston festival has expanded , a heightened level of hometown pride has also emerged .
young people , in particular , tend to see eatonville as hurston saw her entire race : beautiful , problems and all , no better , no worse and as proud , creative , hard-working , silly and mixed-up as other racial and ethnic groups in america .
it is sincere civic affection that can be heard in the voice of mr. franklin &apos;s nephew , edwin harvey , 18 , who plans to come back to eatonville after college to work in local government or for the police department , which he said could use some help .
and even those who are younger , like alondra and alexia kenon , 11-year-old twins from winter park , seem to have learned to describe eatonville correctly .
&quot; most people , if they just drive through here , they &apos;ll think , &apos; oh , this city is nothing compared to any of the other ones , &apos; &quot; alondra kenon said after church on a recent sunday .
&quot; but if you actually stop and take a moment to look at the history , it &apos;s a very nice city . &quot;
over here in new york we all speak fluent finance
on the face of it , nothing has changed .
if tourists in manhattan kept away from newsstands and the gargantuan television screens in times square , they wouldn &apos;t realise they were standing in the eye of a storm .
they would never guess that in the glass-fronted , honeycomb offices above their heads the bankers and hedge fund managers who monopolise new york are daily having the worst &quot; bad day at the office &quot; since the crash of 1929 .
delivery boys still rattle metal tea trolleys across sidewalks , ferrying trays of muffins for breakfast meetings .
latino men still shuffle between apartment buildings carrying , like human mules , 50-odd pressed shirts hanging from a yoke across their shoulders .
office workers still wait in line for their morning bagel at pavement food carts , and it is still impossible to get a yellow cab between 4pm and 7pm on a weekday .
it didn &apos;t feel as if there was a crisis at all , until , with all the talk of doom and gloom , i decided to open a new savings account on thursday afternoon .
even though i had timed the chore to coincide with the late afternoon lull at my local branch of jp morgan chase , a queue of 20 or so people was already waiting in line .
not in front of the teller windows , to withdraw cash or make a deposit , but in front of the customer service desk , where older clients order cheque books , tourists ask for directions to macy &apos;s department store and new customers open accounts .
most of those ahead of me , i was to learn later from starr , my &quot; licensed personal banker &quot; , were lining up for the same reason as me .
unlike me , however , they had already withdrawn savings from smaller banks in places from where they commuted , from the likes of new jersey , pennsylvania and staten island .
they had taken out money from so-called thrifts ( a bit like a building society ) , credit unions and the type of hometown savings banks whose branches only operate within one state , and who say they treat customers like family .
in the past year , 15 of these banks have quietly gone bust .
in the last few days washington mutual , a bank with $ 327 billion of assets , went into receivership , and as new yorkers headed home for the weekend on friday night , another bank , wachovia , with savings deposits of $ 440 billion , was on the hunt for a rescue buyer .
the office and shop workers standing in front of me , scared of another collapse , were moving their cash to a bank perceived to be a safe haven , the bank that is doing most of the bailing out on wall street .
ordinary new yorkers in the last few weeks have become fluent in finance .
a woman at my local chinese supermarket , speaking into her phone , referred to lehman brothers , the bust bank , and its gaunt-looking chief executive dick fuld with all the familiarity as if she were bitching about an idle colleague .
and lyn , the uniformed , fifty-something concierge of my apartment block , has changed tack from our normal topic of conversation about brad and angelina or my grocery delivery .
she told me , after my visit to the bank , that &quot; i got all my savings in money market funds now .
i &apos;ve switched , i &apos;m not taking any risks . &quot;
muslim graves desecrated as austria swings to the right
heinz-christian strache , left of the austrian right-wing austrian freedom party and filip dewinter of belgian right wing party vlaams belang , take part in a manifestation to present the organisation of &quot; cities against islamisation &quot; in antwerp , thursday 17 january 2008 .
they carry traffic-style signs depicting mosques with a red line running through .
police are blaming far right extremists for desecrating a muslim cemetery in austria , the same weekend that the political parties of the far right made huge gains in the country &apos;s general election .
over 90 graves were severely damaged at the cemetery in traun , near linz , some time between friday night and this morning , in what police believe was an organised action .
the offenders sprayed jewish symbols such as the star of david over some of the graves , but detectives believe this may have been a bid to disguise the motives of extremists driven by a hatred of muslim immigrants .
it is not clear whether the incident was in any way related to the elections .
a spokesman for the local islamic community said they were &quot; deeply shocked &quot; at the news of the desecration , which comes as the muslim religious month of ramadan nears its end .
austria is meanwhile embarking on a round of soul-searching following its swing to the right in yesterday &apos;s parliamentary elections .
the two far-right parties that captured almost 30 percent of the vote , the freedom party and the alliance for the future of austria , have campaigned on an vehemently anti-immigration ticket and some of their slogans were deemed xenophobic by critics .
heinz-christian strache , the head of the freedom party that won over 18 per cent of the vote , campaigned against headscarves and burkas and even expressed his opposition to foods that are perceived to be related to islam .
at his final rally in vienna , he spoke of a &quot; european brotherhood &quot; to prevent the rise of islam .
both parties seek to ban the building of mosques and minarets , arguing that they were political symbols of an ongoing islamisation of austria and europe .
polls and analysis conducted immediately after the elections , which established the far right as the country &apos;s strongest political bloc , indicate that the change was brought about by predominately young voters who are concerned about their future in the european union .
gary glitter banned from trip abroad
gary glitter , the glam rock star convicted of child sex abuse , has been banned by the courts from travelling to france and spain .
magistrates imposed the six month ban on glitter after he informed the authorities monitoring him that he wanted to travel to spain via france .
police in kent were granted the foreign travel ban last thursday after giving magistrates evidence of glitter &apos;s previous convictions for child sex abuse .
glitter , real name , paul gadd , did not attend the hearing at ashford magistrates court in kent but he was represented by solicitors corker binning .
a court service spokesman said : &quot; on thursday september 25 at ashford magistrates &apos; court , kent police applied for an application to prevent foreign travel to france and spain until march 25 by mr paul gadd .
&quot; paul gadd did not attend in person . &quot;
glitter , 64 , had informed the authorities that he wished to travel abroad as he is required to under the sex offenders register .
he must give the authorities notice if he wishes to travel abroad for more than three days .
he is also required to give police seven days notice of his planned departure date .
failure to notify the authorities could lead to a five year prison sentence .
kent police said they would not discuss individual cases or the possible whereabouts of glitter in the county .
a kent police spokeswoman said : &quot; kent police will do everything necessary to protect children in this country , or abroad .
&quot; from our point of view , it is easier to monitor someone who remains in the uk because we have comprehensive systems in place to manage any potential risks more effectively .
&quot; protecting the residents of kent is the paramount concern of kent police and we work closely to monitor the behaviour of registered sex offenders in the county to minimise any risk to the public that may exist . &quot;
glitter returned to the uk last month after spending 27 months in a vietnamese jail for the abuse of two girls , aged 10 and 11 .
when he was freed glitter flew to bangkok where he was due to board a flight to london .
but he said he felt ill and refused to fly to london .
the thai authorities would not allow him through passport control and he eventually flew to hong kong .
chinese authorities also refused him entry and he flew back to bangkok where thai police and immigration officials insisted he return to britain .
he eventually arrived at heathrow &apos;s terminal 3 on august 22 and stayed there while his solicitor david corker went to uxbridge magistrates court , west london , as scotland yard successfully applied for an order requiring him to register as a sex offender .
glitter had previously been jailed in the uk for four months in 1999 for possessing images of child abuse .
a home office source said that jacqui smith , the home secretary was reassured and glad that glitter has been stopped from travelling to france and spain .
&quot; i photograph the master away from the scene to extract his character &quot; günther bauer , photographer
neither heels nor ruffles or stage clothes .
only the essence of the great masters of flamenco , stripped of the concentration which characterizes the interpretation , to face a relaxed man or woman .
on one hand , the artist .
on the other , the person .
the two sides are inseparable , except in private life . in those moments , away from the public , the privacy of a gesture , the depth of a stolen glance or the expressiveness of the hands , are natural expressions because not prepared for the stage .
german günther bauer , in the work &quot; flamenco-people &quot; , alternates the theatricality of some shots of singers , dancers and guitarists on stage with these masters &apos; private and less known being .
this is the photograph &apos;s aim when collecting an original iconography of flamenco , taken from different perspectives .
the exhibition , included in the month of flamenco photography &apos;s program , reflects the importance of international flamenco , which increases day by day &quot; the artist explains . he also clarifies that in &quot; flamenco-people &quot; even it should be ordinary people , going through the pictures , the observers get these are not the classic images of artists , interpreters or performers on stage .
the people i portrayed on the street &quot; are &quot; artists able to convey passion , sadness and joy when on stage ... and finally , to capture their audience .
to catch the personality of these artists taking pictures of the scene is over .
it is much more an inner personality and character .
i &apos;m very interested in creating an intimate atmosphere which permits me to capture the personality of the greats of flamenco by my camera . &quot;
bauer began his path to portray singers , guitarists and dancers in 1997 with a deep passion for the festival &quot; cante de las minas &quot; . he likes to use a plate camera .
due to the choice of the camera and the equipment , these portraits remember the classic photos .
the application of different stylistic techniques breaks with the iconographic traditional principles , giving the photos modernity , as bauer considers flamenco : &quot; a music with very traditional roots which evolves and still surprises every day more . &quot;
it is not the dancing , the singing or the playing itself , but the artist &apos;s personality , his character , able to conquer the audience through his art .
the search for a meeting with the essentiality , with the magic that becomes visible in a certain feeling , are and have been constant elements in this work , now on display at the gallery el fotómata .
famous flamenco artists such as diego el cigala , chan lobato , cristina hoyos , enrique morente , el lebrija , antonio canales and vicente amigo among others , are included in this selection of around seventy portrayed artists .
the project has also become an anthology of flamenco , going to be published in a book which collects the portraits displayed at the exhibition .
the passion for the portrait led bauer to repeat the idea two years ago with &quot; portraits of veteran athletes &quot; ( &quot; sportartproject &quot; ) .
although in &quot; flamenco-people &quot; the concept is different , the photographer admits &quot; i love to portray people , to know them and to penetrate into their lives for a while , being this a long or short moment .
i think portray is the most difficult subject in photography .
you meet or face people and characters sometimes you even know or persons who bestow you only a few minutes to take the picture .
beyond circumstances , as a photographer , i always try to realize my ideas . &quot;
the collection of portraits of contemporary flamenco , entitled &quot; flamenco-people &quot; is exhibited at the gallery el fotómata , via de la mata 20 , which is a parallel street to alameda de hercules . the exhibition will be open to public until the 16th of october .
vargas llosa admits the novel he &apos;s writing is a &quot; chance &quot;
the novel sets in a place the author does not know yet and tells of an unknown subject . despite this , mario vargas llosa is struggling with the new project he is working at , a novel whose protagonist , roger casemant , is an irish nationalist who spent twenty years of his life in congo and crossed amazon .
the writer , always favoured for the nobel prize in literature , confessed yesterday during the hay festival in segovia , that the draft he is dealing with is a &quot; chance &quot; and that everything indicates that i should not write it down . &quot;
&quot; if i had good sense , i do not write it at all , but i &apos;m going ahead anyway and i hope to finish it once and for all , &quot; he concluded his speech at this festival for the exchange of ideas , thoughts and words that saw many guests , during the four days , passing by the aqueduct &apos;s city . hundreds of writers , historians and journalists and thousands of people joined it .
the author of &quot; la ciudad y los perros &quot; was a prominent figure in the third edition of the word &apos;s festival , as forecasted .
vargas llosa , who won the hay festival prize being the most voted writer by participants - an ancient edition of &quot; our mutual friend &quot; by dickens , packed the theatre juan bravo with fans .
introduced by félix romeo , the writer faced a public whose time flew away when the peruvian author , started to recall with a prodigious memory and with large doses of humour , the way he discovered his literary vocation , derived from the &quot; extraordinary adventure and the pleasure of reading . &quot; this is &quot; living beyond life &quot; , as he put it in . he explained why orderly basis in writing permits &quot; to remove the lack of inspiration , &quot; through an intense work of documentation , editing and revising . he underlined how faulkner , victor hugo and alexandre dumas affected his vocation and said that the &quot; images of memory &quot; are the foundation from which his stories spring up .
the hispanic-american novelist , acknowledged that &quot; there is no way to measure how and how much books can affect people &apos;s lives . i refuse to believe that literature is a pure and ephemeral entertainment experience , &quot; said vargas llosa who , also supported that &quot; the literature has a strong impact and pushes people to be nonconformist . &quot; so he suggested the writers &quot; not to give into frivolity &quot; and to &quot; take the responsibility &quot; of their own vocation .
weather hampers the pozoblanco festival , which remains with no bullfights
the bullfights which were to seal the days of the festival of pozoblanco were suspended yesterday morning after the bull fighters had assured that the square &apos;s soil conditions were not adequate for the celebrations .
therefore , the company , together with fermin bohorquez , pablo hermoso de mendoza and leonardo hernandez , decided to suspend the bullfighting .
the weather was rather fierce against this festival and prevented two over three celebrations .
saturday , the rain had prevented the holding of the second bullfight .
the billboard included jose luis moreno , curro diaz and juan bautista , who would have faced a bull of castilblanco .
so far , the only celebration took place on friday .
this was the triumph of daniel luque , who cut three ears and was brought on shoulders after he had bull fought with taste and aesthetics .
the same afternoon alejandro talavante completed his two bullfights and collected greetings and one ear , granted by the public more than by the quality of the bullfight itself .
among all , the worst was el juli , who passed by the bull-ring of los llanos gaining no glory , no penalty .
with the second bull , after a tremendous muleta , he earned the boos of a bigger part of the public .
a van loaded with two thousand kilos of hashish skips a road block in alava
ten to six in the morning .
traffic control by the ertzaintza in the municipal district of armiñón ( alava ) .
the officials order the two occupants of a van to stop but they , instead , give to flee .
their cargo , more than two tons of hashish , is a good reason for not stopping .
the officers chase after them , are succeed in arresting one over two occupants . the man , 28 years old , is identified as a. a. j. , as reported in a press release by the department of the interior of the basque government .
the arrested person is charged with drug trafficking and forgery of public documents .
this occurred when some officials of the alava highway police were conducting an audit of transports along the n-1 , at the point which it crosses the district town of armiñón .
they were going to stop a van for inspection when the driver , breached of the orders , sharply accelerated and just skipped the road block .
the officials chased the van until the vehicle stopped after a couple of miles on the edge of the road , and its two occupants flew into a wooded area .
the ertzaintza officials managed to arrest one of the fugitives and , after the inspection of the van – an iveco daily , seized 2178 kilograms of hashish .
the blocks of hashish , which were located in the rear of the vehicle , were subsequently placed under police custody for a deep investigation and detection of weight .
moreover , since officials found that the chassis number had been &quot; duplicated &quot; because it did not coincide with the one reported in the van &apos;s documentation , the arrested man was also charged for public documents &apos; falsification .
the ertzaintza is continuing its investigations to arrest the second suspected person who managed to flee as mentioned above , and to determine the origin of seized drugs .
the prisoner , a. a. j. , 28 years old , was conducted to the police station to perform the appropriate procedures . he will be available to the court in the coming hours .
the actress heather locklear arrested for driving while addicted with drugs
the actress heather locklear , amanda of the popular series melrose place , was arrested this weekend in santa barbara ( california ) after driving under the influence of drugs .
a witness viewed her performing inappropriate maneuvers while trying to take her car out from a parking in montecito , as revealed to people magazine by a spokesman for the californian highway police .
the witness stated that around 4.30pm ms. locklear &quot; crushed the accelerator very thoroughly , making excessive noise and trying to take the car out from the parking with abrupt back and forth maneuvers . by reversing , she passed several times in front of his sunglasses . &quot;
shortly after , the witness , who , in a first time , apparently had not recognized the actress , saw ms. locklear stopping in a nearby street and leaving the vehicle .
it was this person to alert the emergency services , because &quot; he was concerned about ms. locklear &apos;s life . &quot;
when the patrol arrived , the police found the actress sitting inside her car , which was partially blocking the road .
&quot; she seemed confused , &quot; and for this reason the policemen led her to a specialized centre for drugs and alcohol and submitted her a test .
according to a spokesman for the police , the actress has proven collaborative and the hypothesis of excessive alcohol was discarded since the very first moment , even if &quot; as the officers observed at first sight , we believe ms. locklear was under the effect of any drug . &quot;
ms. locklear was arrested under suspicion of driving under the influence of some - not better specified substance , and imprisoned in the local jail at 7.00pm , to be released some hours later .
two months ago , ms. locklear was out of a specialist clinic in arizona where she was cured after an episode of anxiety and depression .
llamazares urges the andalusian federation of iu to assume its responsibilities in the silva case
gaspar llamazares , the general coordinator of iu and member of the party izquierda unida , confirmed today that the decision for the case concerning the councillor for youth and sport of the city of siviglia , francisco manuel silva , who resigned last week after the accusation of cronyism . the case will be up to the regional federation for training .
&quot; i &apos;m very federalist when considering this kind of issues , and the andalusian organization needs to assume its responsibilities , &quot; said llamazares regarding the resolution the party should adopt with the man who was an alderman in siviglian board until now .
moreover , the leader stressed the need for &quot; transparency &quot; in all possible investigations regarding whatever irregularity silva had committed , &quot; the ui always wanted these kind of investigations to have the maximum transparency . &quot;
similarly , he stressed that training goes under &quot; very strict codes of ethics for all public functions . &quot;
&quot; sangre de mayo &quot; , an epic challenge by garci .
jose luis garci , inspired by the novel episodios nacionales of banito pérez galdós , recreates in sangre de mayo the spanish popular riot against the french . this is the most ambitious work of his filmography , with a nearly 15 million euro budget .
with this film , the director has tried to &quot; explain the torrent of characters and at the same time the social analysis &quot; that he always admired in the work of the famous novelist , he said today , during the film &apos;s presentation , with quim gutierrez and paula echevarría heading a larger cast of interpreters .
sangre de mayo , a film longer than 2.30 hours , debuts this friday at the cinemas , to become a four hours tv miniseries on telemadrid in next future .
great fan of galdós &apos; literature , jose luis garci claims this shooting realized &quot; a dream of his childhood &quot; . he likes to thank esperanza aguirre , who , three years earlier , had commissioned him to shoot a film to commemorate the second centenary of the madrid 2nd of may . this was the desire expressed by the community of madrid . the director agreed on condition that the story grounded on the novel episodios nacionales .
the 15 million budget totally allocated by the community of madrid represented for garci a &quot; unique opportunity &quot; to recreate the appropriate sets and costumes to portray a &quot; stunned spain that chose the wrong leader to fight for and the fact that the fight for independence led people to a huge delay in development during the reign of ferdinand vii &quot; said garci .
however , the director regrets not having received equal funds of alatriste or los fantasmas de goya - more than twice compared to sangre de mayo . so far , it was not possible to shoot some scenes included in the plan , he himself had signed together with horacio valcarcel , his career-long collaborator .
the difference of budget influenced the usual way of working of the director of volver a empezar : for example , the staging with the actors , with whom he often uses to rehearse before shooting together with the ones who do not belong to the cast , considering this &quot; humiliating &quot; and thinking that &quot; the work of the director lies in going to the theatre and to the cinema to realize how the industry he is working for is going on . &quot;
a certain number of interpreters , some of which fall within the cast of sangre de mayo , repeat in front of his video-camera . it is the case of michael rell , carlos larranaga or fernando guillen cuervo .
four times in the oscar nominations - winning one - garci believes that none of the three candidate films to represent spain at hollywood this year , his sangre de mayo , siete mesas de billar francés , and the los selected ulitmo girasoles ciegos do represent the spanish cinema &apos;s younger generation , &quot; that should be known instead . &quot;
garci does not expect awards from this film .
&quot; at first you think of working for posterity , then you realize you only work for the prosperity , and at certain point you just shoot a film more , &quot; says garcia after more 30 years of career .
isabel bayon rediscovers the essence of the siviglian dancer tortola valencia
a siviglian dancer pays tribute to another siviglian dancer .
carmen valencia tortola , father from catalonia ( florenç tórtola ferrer ) and mother from andalusia ( georgina valencia valenzuela ) , was born in the district of triana , and moved with her family to london when three .
she was a ballet dancer and a free style and oriental dances &apos; specialist .
her life was rather fascinating and she was a pioneer of women &apos;s emancipation , such as isadora duncan , virginia woolf or sarah bernhardt .
she was buddhist and vegetarian , and defended the cause for the corset &apos;s abolition because it prevented women from moving freely .
the life of this woman that marks a revolution in the aesthetics of dance in europe between the two wars , had always fascinated isabel bayon .
&quot; i &apos;d liked to work with pepa gamboa , and she proposed me to interpret this character . it seemed to me incredible . &quot;
according to the dancer &quot; we do not pretend to tell her whole life , but to collect her spirit .
her dances &apos; titles suggested me some elements of flamenco .
thus , &quot; la danza de la mariposa &quot; suggested me a guajira , or the &quot; danza de la serpiente &quot; some tangos .
her dance was sensual and i was told my way of dancing is part of this aesthetic , too &quot; she says .
the staging includes two outstanding contributions : that of miguel poveda , who will sing again isabel in one of the shows , the same he did in &quot; la puerta abierta &quot; , and the master matilde coral , which exceptionally wanted to work together with a former student of hers .
&quot; matilde interprets tortola in the adulthood , she is the character of maturity .
i &apos;m very happy she accepted to play in my work and i feel very honoured for this . &quot;
the staging also includes the musical composition and guitarists such as jesus torres and paco arriaga , singers as miguel ortega , pulga y moi of morón and the percussion of el pájaro , the viola of rafa el viola and the collaboration of an actor , juanfran juárez &quot; who plays the role of eternal companion of artists like her , who were real round stars , and always had many lovers . &quot;
this work also tell something of this woman &apos;s life because it was mainly held in distant places , particularly for her time , such as india , united states or russia , as well as the whole europe , using her to reside in london .
&quot; i wanted to remember her , because i think she was one of that women who had an enormous influence in a specific historical period . nowadays nobody remembers of her and even considers her work as something of value &quot; supports bayon .
the show will be on stage starting from today , 20.30pm , at the theatre lope de vega .
the publication &quot; diario de un poeta recién casado &quot; closes the 3 years anniversary &apos;s celebration
the presentation of the first illustrated edition of &quot; diario de un poeta reciencasado &quot; at saint stephen &apos;s church ( new york ) , the place where juan ramón jiménez married zenobia in march 1916 , falls within the plan made by the department of culture of the committee of andalusia to celebrate the &quot; 3 years anniversary of zenobia and juan ramon &quot; ( 2006-2008 ) , organized to commemorate the fiftieth anniversary of the allocation of the nobel prize in literature and the death of both .
so far , the &quot; 3 years anniversary of zenobia and juan ramon &quot; ends with the second edition of this work , with the international congress held in new york , the restoration of the house-museum of the nobel prized and the travelling exhibition &quot; juan ramón jiménez : aquel chop de luz &quot; , which was inaugurated last may and , after having touched the various provinces of andalusia , is expected to be brought to new york in conjunction with the international congress .
in addition , the department of culture of the committee of andalusia has acquired a total of eight hundred copies of the &quot; diario de un poeta reciencasado &quot; , edited by peter tabernero and illustrated by james perez-enciso , to promote and spread the figure and the works of one of the highest andalusian poets .
we like america a bit less without paul newman
&quot; sometimes god creates perfect people .
paul newman was one of those . &quot;
the sentence is by sally field , who worked with him in &quot; ausencia de malicia &quot; and gives the feeling of american cinema &apos;s impotence , and throughout america , facing the shock that newman has gone .
and awarding him with an oscar had been quite hard .
and in 2007 he had retired .
and people also knew he was very ill .
although this , it was a very hard blow for all .
&quot; sometimes your feelings go far beyond any word , and now i lost a great friend , &quot; cried robert redford , &quot; my life and my country improved quite a lot thanks to his existence . &quot;
no one was afraid of result ridiculous or exaggerate .
a father of the cinema and of the country had died in a particularly dark period , with the fear of terrorists and markets , with american people &apos;s self-esteem on the ground , desperately seeking new reasons to feel worthy .
when times are so difficult , men so less virtuous and with very few beings admired by people , you have not to be luis cernuda to love paul newman .
for all people he embodied the platonic ideal of beauty and truth .
he was an official enemy of richard nixon and a supporter of lost and won causes , starting from the foundation to fight drugs he created in honour of the firstborn who died of overdoses until the promotion of a new brand for home-made and organic food .
all gifts he did to a country which had to pay huge costs to go beyond a suicidal food culture .
the wave of admiration went beyond hollywood , independently from nationality or passport .
the latest james bond , the english actor daniel craig , observed that this is not a dead man , it is an era which is over .
another english man , sam mendes , a director who won the oscar , said that working with newman was nothing less than the highest peak of his career .
the bad boy arrived from australia , russell crowe , arrived to define paul newman as his biggest inspiration .
&quot; he left an example of the highest level for all of us , &quot; notes george clooney , perhaps one of the few who try to live today as paul newman did : maintaining in high consideration the need for rectitude and having a serious private life , away from the cameras .
this is not always easy or possible in contemporary media jungle .
however , some people will try and paul newman will remain a very good example to get them inspired .
after the divorce , his second marriage with joanne woodward lasted fifty years long , and he remained faithful having certainly opportunities for not being so .
&quot; why am i going out to have my hamburgers , when i can have a good steak at home ? &quot; used to joke himself .
in the sky he is accompanied by the pride of his daughters who are also his fans on the earth , something not so common in america .
&quot; of all the major roles he interpreted , none he was so proud of than that of devoted husband , loving father , attentive grandfather and passionate philanthropist &quot; they say .
the imperfect race of an olympic madrid
yes , the dream of many of us is that one day olympics will be held in madrid and , after the failed attempt in 2012 , this could happen in 2016 .
but i wonder , are we ready ?
if we follow the example of yesterday race , i just say no !
they called it the &quot; perfect race &quot; but in my opinion it was by far the worst i witnessed .
all a nonsense , that if taken into account during the evaluation and i had to examine it , the output would be totally negative .
but let &apos;s go with order and start from the very beginning .
the nonsense began with the collection of the back number , which presupposed you went there before the race .
it did not seem a bad idea , but if you &apos;re forced to go , it should be to withdraw all things ( including the chip to avoid queues during the race ) .
but this was not .
we went there just to collect the back number ( first nonsense , just go for this only reason ) and ( after the queue ) , surprise ! they only had &quot; s &quot; size t-shirts ( second nonsense , because i need an xl ) .
what kind of world are we living in ?
is it to blame the crisis if they bought only small t-shirts , made with smaller tissue and therefore less expensive ?
well , these things were nothing if compared with the day of the race .
we had to go very early to collect the chip but the queue was 15 minutes long and , furthermore , you had to deposit your backpack .
the wait lasted more than 35 minutes , something incomprehensible for a race where you expect more than 11,000 people .
then , as expected , the race started when we had not even handed over the backpack , although , once succeeded , the recovery was even worse .
in addition , the rain threatened the waiting longer than 40 minutes , which went along with a kind of popular rebellion and an attempted assault to stand .
i believe we will be around 500 people surely with pneumonia tomorrow , and some , like me , not even resulted in the proper arrival order because of the chip , which , i suppose , did not record the arrival time properly .
in future , if i will be asked for the perfect race , this one wont &apos;t certainly enter in my thoughts .
at the end of the day , i think we will continue to dream of an olympic and well prepared city .
microsoft looks for a ( virtual ) receptionist
during the conference on emerging technologies at the mit , microsoft presented a preview of the new recognition and human interaction system , a kind of artificial intelligence , but without that much intelligence , able to perform some basic tasks , such as call a taxi ( or , in the scenario described by microsoft , a shuttle service to move within the company &apos;s campus ) &quot; understanding &quot; what happens in a standard conversation .
thanks to a camera and a forms and faces &apos; recognition system , this &quot; receptionist &quot; may know how many people are there in a specific room , who are they – including remember what &apos;s their position - and listen and understand the keywords in a conversation with them .
it may also clustered people in groups of conversation .
the demo showed that the receptionist notes a third person , understands he does not belong to the group he is talking with and that he is not a company &apos;s employee .
it asks him if he &apos;s there to visit someone and says it will attend him as soon as possible .
this without any awful blue screen .
awesome .
but this is the future , of course .
now the company needs to focus on many other issues , such as the next windows operating system &apos;s release .
this week it was a big talk on microsoft &apos;s change of strategy .
windows 7 will be lighter and will not be charged with so many programs .
steve ballmer has discovered that if computers are equipped with the essential functions and less commercial rubbish , these should be five times faster - hey ! steve , will be for less .
a real discovery , if one takes into account the fact that microsoft , version after version has only added features and &quot; extras &quot; to windows .
the change of direction is very welcome .
microsoft is right : the operating system will be increasingly losing importance , and the software with it .
when google launched chrome , i was one of those who supported the theory this was the first step google made to compete with windows .
many rightly pointed out that a browser is not an operating system .
the operating system will be always a necessity because it is the essential element through which hardware and software can communicate .
it performs the same function of your wife or your husband when you have something to say to your mother-in-law .
it &apos;s true .
it won &apos;t ever disappear , perhaps you just need to think about the &quot; death &quot; of the operating system as a relative event rather than as an absolute one .
what ballmer said this week confirms this idea .
people give less attention to the operating system , and increasingly focus on the browser .
they only use the computer to launch explorer or firefox - or chrome - daily and spend a longer time browsing the web rather than working in a window environment .
what half of the operating system &apos;s applications are there for ?
less is more .
and windows 7 should be less , much less than vista .
less heavy , less loaded , less complex .
a microsoft more interested in integrating its online services should constitute a viable alternative to google .
actually , they desperately need it . let &apos;s take a little example .
i shot the photo of this post during the microsoft employees &apos; break , in redmond , earlier this month .
a sign , hanging on the soft drinks &apos; machine suggested them to use the company &apos;s search engine - &quot; your search . our future &quot; .
in 2006 , an independent study reached the conclusion that the 66 % of microsoft employees used google to search on the net .
last week , moreover , microsoft confirmed the delay in developing the new version of windows mobile 7 .
it will not be launched on the market at the beginning of 2009 , but even at the end , maybe in 2010 .
microsoft surely will try a joint launch , windows 7 and windows mobile 7 together .
our phones , at the very end , is increasingly becoming a computer .
but the delay , with android and the iphone already on marketing , will result detrimental .
the fabuleux marcel
pablo picasso used to dress it while in the french riviera , leonardo di caprio shone with one of this in &apos; diamante de sangre &apos; by edward zwick , as well as al pacino in &apos; the godfather &apos; of francis ford coppola . moreover , it is part of the typical uniform worn by the muscular gay parish .
if we try to count the number of stars wearing it , we can also recall the image of the strong-built man with pointed mustache who lifted weights in the strolling circus .
finally , this is nothing more than the typical t-shirt for men , with a cotton interior , tight and sleeveless shape .
it is the &apos; tank &apos; , as english speakers call it , though , the brussels fabuleux marcel stands out above all .
first of all , this is due to its grandiose name - even if it is commonly known just as &quot; marcel &quot; - name that has something to do with the sport because it derives , according to the legend , from the boxer marcel cerdan , who loved the singer edith piaf .
the &quot; marcel &quot; excels - if compared to the others - for its high quality cotton , for its unisex cutting , for his distinctive little shield and the small belgian flag ( barely recognizable ) , which the most emblematic models keep as a detail on the neck .
and open your eyes ! , because the belgian company does not produce only its famous &quot; tank &quot; .
the production also includes college sweats , vintage boxers , cashmere cardigans , cotton trousers , sailor shirts , baby-dolls , mini shorts ...
garments meant to be comfortable .
it is a pity to use them as underwear .
they &apos;re too smart .
&quot; i want to be a young mother , doesn &apos;t matter the candidate &quot;
the great resemblance with her sister has not prevented her from developing a strong personality .
monica cruz is a tiny woman , but still , full of vitality .
currently , both the cruz sisters have taken very seriously their new activity in the fashion field .
according to monica , it is much more than beautiful girls and celebrities who lend their names .
she went to paris for the campaign mango is hanging on to promote the new branch , and the presentation of the most important prizes for fashion sponsored by the spanish fashion house .
warm and timid , she conquers you quite quickly .
tell us what you &apos;re doing in paris .
i came here to present the new collection my sister penelope and i have designed for the new mango autumn-winter season , to join the second edition of &apos; mango fashion awards &apos; and the opera dinner in honour of valentino .
let &apos;s say , a very intense day but a very exciting one , at the same time .
what is the inspiration of your new collection for mango in this fourth season of work for the spanish fashion house ?
both my sister that i like the cinema of the 50s and 60s . from there we get bigger inspirations .
then , i like to get lost in the city and look at how women dress , at the way they combine and mix their clothes . i do it quite frequently .
dancer , actress and designer , you &apos;re a very versatile woman , aren &apos;t you ?
i think so , although at the very end , all merged and many elements remain cross-field ideas .
i liked clothes since i was a child . i loved to visit my grandmother to rummage in my aunt &apos;s cupboards and discover her clothes .
it was so good ! , much better than going to the amusement park .
then , once a dancer , i always took great care of my dressing .
it is known dancers really like to have their own style when going to class and dance recitals , to look themselves in the mirror and feel good .
and in the actress role , when you are delivered the wardrobe , this is the time you actually encounter the character .
so , everything goes together , yes , with a lot of respect for designers and professionals .
not long ago , you celebrated your 30 years , did you entered a crisis ?
absolutely i didn &apos;t .
i &apos;ve never felt better , i like to be 30 years old .
i find it is the age when women are mature enough and can take advantage of a good experience to enjoy life and commit fewer errors .
i &apos;m not scared by the biological clock .
since i was a child , i did all the things i liked to do and this gave me a great inner happiness .
so , are you thinking of being mother or not ?
yes , of course , i &apos;m . i know it is my same body pushing me for this and also i want to be a young mom , i &apos;m not gonna miss it .
and about the candidate … does not matter that much .
i will give my son a lot of happiness and i will educate him with bigger love .
talking about cinema , you are waiting the release of some films you acted last year .
that is , and i &apos;m really curious about that .
coming from the theatrical experience , i am a very impatient and anxious woman , i want everything now and clearly , but i know this may not be always possible .
i &apos;m looking forward mainly for &quot; la última hora &quot; and &quot; en busca de la tumba de cristo &quot; .
let &apos;s see if you like it ...
few days ago you debuted on the catwalk side by side with naomi campbell , didn &apos;t you ?
well , don &apos;t put it this way .
it &apos;s not i was on the catwalk as a professional model .
simply naomi campbell , whom i know since a long time , called and invited me to go to london and attend a charity fashion show for her organization &quot; women for a better world &quot; . the clothes presented during the show - i brought two pieces from our collection for mango - have been sold at auction to raise funds for this naomi &apos;s ngo .
people usually ignore this naomi &apos;s tender heart .
it is said so many things on her , that , knowing her quite well , i can assure you are not true .
moreover , i like to share and get involved in this good part of hers .
she asked me to be shown for a noble cause , but if i had asked to play a pine , i would do it anyway .
you cannot back out of helping the third world women .
drivers reticent of alcoholism should install the &apos; alcolock&apos;
the interior office wants the driver under three administrative penalties for excessive alcoholic rate , to install in their car a system that prevents driving the vehicle when drunk . the same if you do not blow into the measuring device .
the measure was announced last june and has been already included in the annual report of the state attorney general , according to which it will be a pilot project for a period of one year .
this project &apos;s goal is the reinstatement of the driver , since he will need to attend a course of road re-education .
the initiative is supported by the attorney general for road safety , together with the general directorate of traffic ( dgt ) and the technological institute foundation for security in the automobile ( fits ) .
according to statistics , between 30 % and 75 % of drivers fined more than once for drunk driving , still drive a car .
the &apos; alcolock &apos; would avoid this , because the device , connected to the vehicle , measures the rate of alcohol in breath and prevents the driver from getting the car if he does not blow inside it , or in case it detects in the car an higher alcoholic concentration than permitted by law .
the cost of the device , a bit more than 1000 euro , should be charged to the sanctioned .
in this regard , a study conducted in 2007 in the united states proved that vehicles equipped with these devices can reduce the infringements up to 65 % during the first year of introduction .
and in spain it was estimated it could save around 115 lives in one year .
the measure is limited to administrative sanctions for two reasons : first of all to stop these behaviors before they turn into criminal offenses .
and second , to facilitate the implementation of this practice , as the legal reform can be ordinarily made , but , on the contrary , the necessary reform of the criminal procedure requires to go through an organic law .
the device is not yet available on the spanish market in any commercial solution , even if it has already been introduced on an experimental basis in some trucks and public transports .
just tomorrow , the congress of deputies will vote a psoe &apos;s initiative by which the party proposes to install the system in school buses , as has already been done in france .
in mexico , and without her peep-toes &quot;
in line with the british punctuality , at 17.40 pm , perfectly on schedule , the spanish airline landed at the presidential hangar of benito juárez airport in mexico city , bringing there the prices of asturias .
the sunset was almost done but the sun &apos;s rays still forced you to use your hand as a visor to see the royal couple getting off the plane .
the spanish ambassador and other authorities stood at the foot of the ladder .
a few hours before i had asked a taxi driver , along the street , if he knew that the spanish princes were about visiting the city to formalize an official travel .
- ah , very good , so we cannot go to the airport and collect people in that time band ... is she from here or ...
- no , no sir , she is spanish , but lived in your country for a couple of years .
- ah , well ...
on the way round , the mexican press perfectly knows who are the princes of asturias and is aware of the importance of the travel .
many are those who wait for them at the airport &apos;s hangar , crowded together on the red carpet and closed to a military line composed by 27 navy soldiers offering the honour greeting .
the prince appears smiling , with a navy blue dress , and she , the princess , hair in the wind , very sober , does not wear her &quot; peep-toes &quot; as usual . perhaps she had been reported mexico city is threatened by bad weather .
they give photographers a smile and a brief stopover before moving to the room where the official group is looking forward to them .
by the door of the hotel where they &apos;re going to stay , one of the biggest four in the city , a funny reporter of mexican television waits for them .
the best fashion award
probably there is not a more appropriate place in the world than paris to present a fashion award , and probably there is not a living designer as exquisite as valentino .
mango has just presented the second edition of el botón-mango fashion awards , to support the international promotion of new talents in the fashion field .
it offers a prize of 300,000 euros .
yesterday , sandrina fasoli , the belgian winner of the first edition , looked at his drawings in the mango &apos;s window at the number 54 of boulevard haussmann – paris , and was almost crying for emotion .
moreover , the company &apos;s store is the second largest in europe , recently opened on 1335 square meters &apos; space .
the most important one is located in london .
the numerous events , combined with the desire to please the designer valentino who chaired the jury of the contest , brought us to a luxury dinner at the garnier opera in paris .
the proximity of the most exquisite paintings by chagal made the presidential gala table prepared by mango even more spectacular .
nati , with a broken heart and making a virtue of necessity , because of the recent death of her brother , wore a dress of the company and fashion complements by elah that took your breath away . so , arm in arm with her son luis - a two meters height boy - accompanied valentino to the presidency of the tribute dinner she had organized .
andik , owner and master of mango , welcomed the guests and as the gentleman he is , along with baron rotchil arrived at the end of the night without his jacket , because both had granted it to two ladies .
monica cruz , who ran the shop in trousers and shirt - designed by herself – changed her dress for the dinner , wearing a very sensual long black dress . she got very excited when , during the night walk inside the opera house , accompanied by goya toledo , we were shown the room for dance recitals , and recalling other times , she grabbed a bar and outlined a &quot; grand plie &quot; .
inés sastre did not join the walk inside the building , but before leaving , showed us her son &apos;s photos on her mobile phone .
next morning we welcomed the presence of olivier martinez - another boy who likes moving by motorbike - and john travolta , who arrived at the intercontinental hotel of paris , bringing his own sheets , towels and only after asking to have no smells in his room .
stars under the starlit paris sky .
oh là là , c &apos;est la vie .
1001 , the number anti-stress
it is not 1000 but 1000 and 1 the way to forget the chaotic and hectic everyday life .
and if it seems not enough , all these ways have been collected in a book which will bring the relax to the bookstores by the 30th of september .
the alarm clock is almost a punishment when ringing every morning at 7 o &apos;clock , but the worst is imaging yourself involved in the frantic pace dictated by modern life .
office means tension , computer back pain .
stress is the illness of the twenty-first century .
however , you are offered now neither one nor two ways to combat daily exhaustion and the struggle in taking a proper distance from the work &apos;s dimension ,
but no more no less than 1001 ways .
beyond yoga positions , the classic massage or the &quot; spa &quot; treatments , susannah marriott collects in the pages of her book , a &quot; menu &quot; full of options tailored to individual tastes and needs .
the anti-stress work is titled &quot; 1001 ways to relax &quot; and will be available in the libraries thanks to pearson alhambra and dk publishers .
if someone believes winning the peace in areas such as business or personal relationships is not possible , this &quot; manual &quot; denies that belief .
it also suggests alternatives , such as staying in touch with nature , or provides 100 % natural recipes that help to relax .
if the adrenaline is not already flowing in your veins to produce the balance of the body and stress has become a major problem for you , it &apos;s time to sit on the couch , turn off your mind and focus on reading .
speaking while sleeping
some children speak during the night .
i am not referring to those who wake up very agitated to tell us something happened to them the day before , but those children who talk while asleep .
the first time it happens , at most , you get scared , but it really does not have that much importance .
this is a benign alteration of sleep , defined somniloquy .
it is a quite common phenomenon , especially in children and adolescents .
certainly , most of you have been told talked in your sleep .
this phenomenon can occur very sporadically ( just once in life , for example , associated with an episode of high fever ) or on a more regular basis ( every day , once a week , once in the month ... ) . the day after the child does not remember anything .
there is not a single reason to explain the presence of somniloquy .
sometimes it should be linked to other sleep disorders such as nightmares , night fears , nocturnal enuresis ( do pee in bed ) , or sleepwalking , but it is not necessarily the case .
as mentioned above , it may be associated with stages of very high fever , in situations of stress or over excitement .
in any case , this phenomenon is not researched that well .
even its intensity is extremely variable .
it may happen a person speaks with a very quiet tone of voice , with loose words , almost in a whisper , or the opposite ( screams , cries , long speeches ... ) .
in case the event is particularly intense , the child should be observed and possibly , a specialist should be consulted to check if the abnormal state of anxiety is due to any question , thus is generated by the child in order to vent his feelings .
we said that this is a benign alteration , therefore there is not a specific treatment unless it is associated with other sleep disorders which , instead , can be treated ( for example , if coupled with insomnia or a situation of stress ) .
what you can do instead is taking into consideration a number of very simple preventive measures , such as :
try not to over-excite the child before going to sleep .
propose calm games and avoid television programs or series that inspire fear or suggest violence .
very nervous children for whom relaxing is a very hard task , need you use relaxation techniques to help them acquire a certain inner calm .
this will allow the child to sleep more peacefully .
once somniloquy appears , try to keep calm .
remember that it is an inoffensive phenomenon for the child and that the next day he will not remember anything of it .
useful tips
don &apos;t wake him up .
it is useless , because he is not aware of what is going on , and you just interrupt his sleeping .
although he is talking , he is asleep and thus , he is resting .
remember that if he appears very anguished and the episodes have a certain frequency is better to consult a doctor or to verify from where such a great anxiety comes from .
if you get what he is saying ( which is not the most common situation ) does not fall into temptation to make him an interrogation to obtain information .
do not get anything , because he is sleeping and he is not conscious to organize his thoughts .
in addition , you are only able to hear what he says but you cannot see what he is dreaming about to say that things . therefore , be very careful with any interpretation of the information you get and about the conclusions you might lead .
do not ever tell your child you could ask him something during the night to know his secrets .
not even jokingly .
this can generate a huge anxiety .
in short , do not worry , it &apos;s nothing serious , just an episode that lasts few minutes .
illhaeusern ... finally
illhaeusern has finally regained its path to victory on its own soil after a long period of draught .
without playing a great match , the yellow and black have created the most occasions and managed to turn one of these into the match winner .
the rhythm was not very steady during the match and the attackers found it hard to express themselves .
after a first attempt by the guest captain kauffmann who narrowly missed the goal from a far shot , illhaeusern went on to take a slight lead and in turn fonderflick from afar , then with hirn from high , romain with the tip of his foot or again diebold came to tickle the dannemarie defence .
at the front , there was a midfield block that allowed just the centre forward riahi at the forefront of the attack .
the beginning of the second half was decisive with the first two occasions dominated by riahi and temporale for dannemarie , immediately after the score was opened for illhaeuserns by marais , well positioned to pick up a ball bounced off an initial attempt by diebold ( 53 &apos; ) .
but the illhaeusern striker did not enjoy his success for long and was forced to return to the locker room a dozen minutes later , leaving his team-mates numerically inferior .
but dannemarie could not profit and could not cause any major problems to the illhaeusern eleven who just fell back a little to make its defence more &quot; compact &quot; , except in the very last few seconds of the game where , after a big mess , the ball went very near the crosspiece .
sarkozy meets angry fishermen .
before leaving for the united states , nicolas sarkozy is going to make a trip to brittany .
facing the display of force by the fishermen who on monday had badly disturbed the access to several ports in brittany and normandy , on tuesday morning at guilvinec port , in finistère , the president of the republic has decided to yield and to meet their representatives .
the latter have promised to accept &quot; with a constructive spirit &quot; and they hope he &quot; will arrive with practical proposals &quot; .
a presidential visit which occurs at the same time as the general meeting of the &quot; crisis committee &quot; created by fishermen in brittany to come up with measures of addressing the soaring prices of oil , which peaked at an average of more than 1.14 euro per litre .
according to the elysée spokesman david martinon , the president &quot; will discuss with them solutions that can be devised to help their enterprise to recover competitiveness and secure employment conditions and sailors &apos; remuneration &quot;
nicolas sarkozy is expected with determination by the fishermen .
on tuesday morning , they conducted slow driving operations in the morbihan and calvados , causing traffic jams for almost 10 km .
the leisure craft harbour of quiberon was also blocked , but the roads to belle-isle were not blocked .
a filtering roadblock was set up on the quiberon peninsula .
the sailors have already shown their determination on monday by burning , since dawn , tires and pallets in front of the fuel depots at the port of brest and lorient , while demonstrations were taking place in concarneau or saint-brieuc .
the movement has spread to other ports on the atlantic coast and on the channel , such as sables d &apos;olonne in vendée , where trawlers remained docked at the quayside or le havre , where about twenty boats blocked any movement of any merchant ships .
fishermen in la turballe and croisic , in loire-atlantique , in the evening stopped the blockade of the important total refinery at donges .
those at boulogne-sur-mer have decided to wait until after the meeting at the ministry on wednesday to decide on possible actions .
in guilvinec , the &quot; crisis committee &quot; has to decide on tuesday whether to comply with the movement and its participation in the planned meeting at the ministry of agriculture and fisheries in paris .
but some breton fishermen do not want to be represented by the officials of the national committee of fisheries , which did not support their movement .
&quot; the strike will continue &quot; because &quot; the fishermen will not give up &quot; and &quot; do not want to have to move onto paris &quot; , for example , announced liliane cariou , president of the fisheries committee of lorient .
professional fishermen , who pay no taxes on diesel , currently pay about 50 cents per litre but believe that the threshold of profitability for a vessel is achieved with diesel fuel prices less than 0.30 euro per litre .
paul newman the magnificent
the unforgettable interpreter of &quot; butch cassidy and the kid &quot; died as a result of cancer at the age of 83 , in his home in connecticut .
hillary and bill clinton , nicolas sarkozy , george clooney , julia roberts , robert redford or sam mendes paid tribute to the cinema legend and devoted actor , paul newman , who died at the age of 83 .
embraer maintains its delivery forecast for 2008
the brazilian aircraft manufacturer is counting on 215 planes to be delivered this year despite threats of recession hanging over the global economy .
the fourth largest global aircraft manufacturer , embraer will maintain its delivery forecast for 2008 with 215 aircraft delivered , reaffirmed fredrico fleury curado , its chairman .
in the first semester , the manufacturer has delivered 97 aircraft .
the brazilian manufacturer put a lot of hope on the chinese market especially for its aircraft range of 30 to 120 seats .
to date , embraer delivered 41 aircraft to chinese customers in eight years .
aig would cede more than 15 % of its assets
the international american insurance group , that the u.s. monetary authorities have refloated , plans to sell more than 15 % of its assets to repay the $ 85 billion that were advanced to it , according to the sunday edition of the financial times .
aig is ready to explore the sale of most of its activities beyond its international life insurance and its pension business in the united states , said the newspaper quoting sources close to the case .
the administration board of aig met on sunday evening to consider possible cessations , according to the ft .
no confirmation could be obtained from aig .
the assets which aig plans to cede include its leasing subsidiary air international lease financial corp. , its participation of 59 % in the reinsured transatlantic holdings , and its property portfolio in addition to its private equity investments , the ft added .
no final decision has been taken on these disposals , the ft continued .
aig must quickly find the funds to repay the loan of 85 billion that it has with the federal reserve or else risk seeing the u.s. authorities take 80 % of its shares , diluting the proportion due to current shareholders .
analysis paris historical of the meeting morning historic morning meeting
the new york stock exchange showed a historical fall on monday after the rejection by the house of representatives of the paulson plan to rescue the banks : the dow jones lost 6.98 % , a loss never seen before approaching 800 points , and nasdaq 9.14 % .
the dow jones industrial average ( djia ) fell by 777.68 points to 10365.45 points .
in terms of points , the biggest drop in its history ( 684.81 points ) had previously been recorded on 17 september 2001 , the day of the resumption of trade after the terrorist attacks of sept . 11 .
the nasdaq index , mainly technological , has lost 199.61 points to 1983.73 and the expanded standard &amp; poor &apos;s 500 index 8.81 % ( or 106.85 points ) to 1106.55 points , according to final closing figures .
already suffering a depression at the beginning of the meeting , wall street went down after the unexpected rejection by the house of representatives of the rescue plan for banks that was to inject some stability in the markets .
with 228 votes against and 205 for , the delegates have refused to treasury secretary henry paulson the resources he asked for .
nearly two out of three republicans rejected his plan .
&quot; this is a bad signal for the market , which saw the congress failing to adopt a plan , &quot; said lindsey piegża of ftn financial .
&quot; this shows how much the market relied on this plan , &quot; she added , fearing that a draft adopted in several days time can be &quot; too late &quot; .
&quot; if the project is effectively dead ( ... ) then the relay will be quickly passed to the fed ( i.e. the u.s. central bank ) and other central banks to manage the crisis which would further tighten the credit conditions &quot; , predicted brian bethune , chief economist at global insight .
and further accentuating the sense of urgency , &quot; each day that passes sees the fall of another financial institution &quot; in the united states , emphasised mrs piegża .
after the bankruptcy of washington mutual on friday , the authorities have organized the takeover of wachovia &apos;s banking activities by its rival citigroup .
in europe , the crisis has accelerated sharply , pushing for emergency interventions by banks in the united kingdom , benelux , iceland and germany , a sign that the markets face &quot; not only a crisis in u.s. , but a global crisis &quot; , added the analyst from ftn financial .
the bond market has climbed sharply .
the performance of 10-year treasury bond fell to 3.632 % , against 3.827 % on friday evening , and the 30-year bond to 4.161 % , against 4.357 % on the previous day .
obama , who won on points the first televised duel
to the first debate on friday between the two candidates for the white house has succeeded another to see who , john mccain or barack obama , won .
not surprisingly , the campaign headquarters of the republicans and the democrats have declared their own victory in the televised duel which was watched by a third of american families .
the political analyst david gergen believes that john mccain &apos;s performance , though admirable , was not &quot; brilliant &quot; enough to enable it to reverse its decline in the polls five weeks from the presidential election .
the gallup , whose opinion poll published on saturday gives a five points lead to obama ( 49 % against 44 % for mccain ) , judges that the democrats have pulled their own on thursday .
according to a cbs poll , among the undecided voters , who are those that count , obama has won 39 % of respondents , while 25 % of them give victory to mccain .
obama should be able to confirm his lead on thursday with the expected good performance of his fellow candidate , joseph biden , during the first and only public debate with his rival , sarah palin .
&quot; it would be a mistake to underestimate her .
she has good instincts nonetheless &quot; , warned bill clinton this weekend .
the septuagenarian mccain has repeatedly put forward his unquestionable experience in foreign policy , while stressing the &quot; naivety &quot; of his opponent on these issues that were at the heart of this initial face-to-face debate .
&quot; senator obama does not seem to understand that ... &quot; he accused several times .
&quot; i do not believe that senator obama has the experience and knowledge necessary to be president , &quot; he also assured .
an angle of attack hammered yesterday in republican television advertisements .
obama , himself , has stressed that he represented the future .
without disassembling , he was concise and precise .
he put forward his ability to make the right decisions and to restore the image of the united states in the world .
&quot; mccain has never understood , while obama , if &quot; , argued this weekend , a democratic spot criticizing the republican of not taking the whole measure of the impact of the crisis on the &quot; american on the streets &quot; .
&quot; during the ninety-ten minute debate , john mccain had much to say about me , but nothing about you , obama denounced yesterday to 20 000 people assembled for an electoral meeting in north carolina in the pouring rain .
he did not even utter the words &quot; middle class &quot; or &quot; workers &quot; . &quot; the financial crisis clearly gives an advantage to obama , who is considered by americans as the most likely to save the economy on the brink of a precipice .
&quot; the coming week could be a turning point &quot; , estimated yesterday the influential democratic senator charles schumer .
the democratic representative rahm emanuel , an alumnus of the clinton administration , compared the &quot; good economic instincts &quot; of obama to those of bill clinton during the 1998 financial crisis .
for the democratic candidate , the current crisis &quot; is the final verdict of eight years of poor economic policies implemented by george bush and supported by senator mccain &quot; .
reaffirming that he would still reduce the taxes of 95 % of the americans despite the turmoil on wall street , the senator from illinois also reported that the achievement of the country &apos;s energy independence by promoting renewable energy was his first priority , together with the establishment of a system of health insurance .
mccain , he wanted to build a cluster of 45 nuclear plants by 2030 .
cautious , both candidates have dodged questions about the financial rescue plan of 700 billion dollars ( 470 billion euro ) adopted yesterday by congress and extremely unpopular .
in minsk , &quot; have you noticed that there was an election , have you ? &quot;
young people and other opponents demonstrated sunday evening on the main square of the belarusian capital to reject in advance the outcome of legislation .
a few hundred belarusians gathered on sunday evening at the closing of polling stations in the central square of minsk to protest against the fraudulent elections .
while no results have as yet been announced , many young people came to demonstrate against the power of president alexander lukashenko : &quot; the dictator , resignation . &quot;
some confess to not having even voted : &quot; what for , since they will do whatever they want of my voice , &quot; said a youth .
they do not believe that the regime which has made a good impression with foreign observers in order to resume discussions with the european union is ready to take a democratic turn .
the sanctions , which include visa bans for 40 belarusian officials and the freezing of assets , could be lifted if the elections are seen as appropriate by the observers .
they have not been according to the opposition .
&quot; we were kept away from the electoral commissions and our observers were unable to participate in the count , &quot; lamented yuri potemkin , the spokesperson for the union of democratic forces , a heterogeneous grouping of twelve parties .
&quot; it &apos;s a cosmetic change , emphasizes alexander milinkevich , a former opposition candidate in the 2006 presidential and leader of the pro-european movement , because it &apos;s who counts the votes that is important , and here , that is the executive power .
if opposition members enter parliament , it is because they have been appointed , not elected .
but their entry into parliament could mean space on television , meetings in the regions , and proposed laws . &quot;
the opposition should therefore enter the political game because &quot; we must open a dialogue with the european union .
because if our economy which is heavily in debt with russia , enters into a crisis , and if we do not reform ourselves , we risk becoming a protectorate of russia .
we want to be independent &quot; .
the opposition fears that the organization for security and cooperation in europe , which monitored the electoral process , does not recognize the validity of the ballot .
she stressed that the participation figures seem too high , and that the spread in voter turnout ( 26 % of voters in minsk ) has opened the vote to all sorts of manipulations .
&quot; have you noticed that there was an election , have you ? queries the social democratic leader alexander kozulin , one of two political prisoners released in august this year .
there was nobody at the voting offices .
and there will be a maximum of five opposition members in parliament , those who are most convenient to those in power . &quot;
the silence of the night falls on october square .
on television , president lukashenko and members of the central election committee welcomed their success .
the interview - blood becomes safe again
héma-québec yesterday celebrated the 10th anniversary of its foundation , and its president , dr. francine décary , had reason to rejoice , because héma-quebec has become one of the safest and most efficient suppliers of blood in the world .
and most importantly , it has regained the confidence of the public who had been seriously shaken by the tainted blood scandal in the 1980s and 1990s .
as we know , national reserves managed by the blood transfusion service of the canadian red cross had been infected by human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) and hepatitis c during the 1980s .
faced with this tragedy and public discontent , the government of canada established in february 1994 a public inquiry , headed by justice horace krever , which aimed at shedding light on the circumstances which led to such a tragedy and making recommendations so that such a disaster never happens again .
while judge krever delayed in filing his report , some provinces set up a committee aimed at planning a new blood management system in canada .
in quebec , the committee gélineau has fulfilled that mandate .
in the wake of the gélineau and krever reports , two suppliers were created in canada : héma-québec to serve quebec and canadian blood supply for all other provinces and the two territories .
&quot; in 1998 , when héma-québec began operations , only 38 % of people still had confidence in the blood system in quebec , remembers dr. décary .
the situation was discouraging .
by dint of efforts to improve the safety of blood products and field work during the years that followed , we have regained the confidence of the public &quot; , she says before proudly affirming that at the beginning of 2008 , nearly 94 % of quebec &apos;s population now had confidence in héma-québec .
dr. décary , nonetheless , thinks &quot; confidence is something extremely fragile &quot; .
from its inception on the 28 september 1998 , héma-québec has applied the precautionary principle .
at that time , there were in europe with the outbreak of a number of cases of the human form of mad cow disease , a new variant of the creutzfeldt-jakob disease , said he who has been holding the fort since its founding in 1998 .
&quot; and we did not know at all if the disease could be transmitted through blood .
it was then based on one of the main recommendations of the krever and gélineau reports according to which when we are uncertain and when a serious illness may result , in this case creutzfeldt-jakob disease which is characterized by a degeneration of the brain leading inevitably to death , one establishes an excluding action .
in april 1999 , the blood of people who had spent more than a month in the uk since 1980 was refused .
but a few years ago , it was demonstrated beyond any doubt that this disease is transmitted by blood .
this episode has shown that the precautionary principle that was applied made sense . &quot;
in 1999 , on the market a technique appeared which was much more sensitive for hiv testing : the nucleic acid testing ( nat ) allowed to detect directly in donated blood the virus itself rather than antibodies against the virus , which is what previous tests were based on .
the tan helped to shorten the silent period , which runs between the time the person was infected and when the first viruses can be detected in the blood by our techniques , the specialist explains .
it was able to reduce that period to less than a week .
thus , it has substantially reduced the risk that some donors were infected without knowing it and that we cannot detect them .
these improvements have helped reduce the risk of contracting aids through a blood transfusion .
today , a person in 12 million is at risk of receiving hiv contaminated blood .
&quot; in other words , this means that 12 million blood products will be distributed before someone is infected with hiv .
since héma-quebec each year distributes between 400 000 and 500 000 blood products , it will take more than 24 years before a case of hiv transmission through a blood product occurs .
i believe that now we can feel at ease when receiving or prescribing a blood transfusion to recuperate our health &quot; , affirmed the ceo of héma-québec .
&quot; our challenge for the next decade is to maintain the safety of our products .
one never knows what disease will emerge in the system .
as recently as last year , there appeared on the island of reunion the chikungunya virus which , like the west nile virus , is transmitted by an insect in the blood .
we must be constantly vigilant , &quot; continues dr. décary before emphasizing that in addition to a secure supply , héma-québec must also provide them in sufficient quantities .
&quot; the demand is increasing as the population ages .
the treatments being more aggressive , patients often need to refill in red blood cells or platelets .
the aging population also has consequences on the network of blood donors which includes an average of only 3 % of quebecers eligible to donate blood . &quot;
any healthy person , aged 18 and over fits the suitability criteria to give blood every 56 days , six times a year .
on average , 14 % of those offering their blood are not accepted because they have aids or malaria , for example , and if they have travelled in a country where malaria is rife , they would be excluded for a period of one year .
&quot; with these 3 % , we manage to maintain an inventory that meets the needs of hospitals .
the shortages are very rare .
but we must renew the members of this network of donors as they get older and cannot donate their blood .
it is difficult to convince people to donate their blood , but even more so to retain them and encourage them to become regular donors .
life today runs so fast , there is rarely time to find an hour to donate one &apos;s blood &quot; , says francine décary miserably .
with an annual budget of $ 297 million , héma-québec provides not only blood products , but also tissues , including bone grafts , heart valves , eyeballs and skin that is almost exclusively used for large burns .
these tissues are analyzed , processed and frozen before being stored at héma-québec , which manages also the only bank of placental blood in quebec .
the umbilical cord that was once regarded as biomedical waste is full of a rich blood stem cells which can be used to treat serious diseases such as leukaemia .
&quot; a few weeks ago , we celebrated the banking of the thousandth sample of placental cord blood and we expect to draw more than a thousand per year .
we should start to propose transplants at the beginning of next year , &quot; says dr. décary describing this program for collecting placental cord blood as very popular .
&quot; many mothers are disappointed at not being able to access it &quot; because héma-québec cannot afford to offer this complex and expensive program in all hospitals in quebec .
soccer - impact in the semi-finals
the montreal impact has qualified for the semi-final round of the playoffs for the first division of usl , thanks to a 3-1 victory ( 4-3 in total goals ) at the expense of the seattle sounders , yesterday , during the second and decisive game of the series quarter-finals on total goals at the saputo stadium .
the midfielder antonio ribeiro scored the decisive goal in the 90th minute on thursday .
after a first half with nothing but aimlessly going from one side to another , midfielder david testo and rocco plancentino marked the net of the montreal formation .
roger levesque was the only one to beat matt jordan for the sounders .
recall that during the first game of the series rounds , on friday , the impact suffered a 2-1 defeat at the starfire complex in tukwila , a suburb of seattle .
the impacts will have to measure up to the vancouver whitecaps in the semi-final .
saturday night at minnesota , thunder filled a 3-1 deficit in the return match to win 4-3 , but whitecaps nevertheless acceded to the semi-final round 5-4 on total goals .
impact will face the whitecaps on friday and sunday , but the details of the series will be confirmed today .
in brief – kovalev &apos;s victorious aim
the canadian number one trio is ready for the season .
the unit consisting of alex kovalev , tomas plekanec and andrei kostitsyn led the attack for a canadian win of 3-2 in a shootout against the florida panthers last night at the bell centre .
kostitsyn , the star of the first meeting , scored a goal , plekanec has raised two aides , and kovalev has collected a pass in this win , the habs &apos; fourth in six preparatory games .
kovalev gained the victory by scoring the only goal of the shootout .
&quot; i am not yet ready , warned the russian .
i need another match to feel at ease . &quot;
&quot; he tried to do too much in the first period , guy carbonneau noted .
but i think he appreciated the way the match ended .
he had a nice ovation . &quot;
charest placed on the north
the prime minister does not exclude calling for an election before the end of the year
once the general council of the liberal party finished , jean charest yesterday visited jean-talon , quebec city , where the new health minister , yves bolduc ( left ) is trying to get elected in the by-election today .
&quot; pushing the limits of our last great northern frontier &quot; : this is the long-term ambition that jean charest presented with visual strength while remaining within the broad outline of the term of the general council of the liberal party of quebec , in levis yesterday .
behind him , during his speech , a kind of mill of images was projected .
rotating in a loop on three huge screens , were dramatic pictures of hydroelectric dams , mining developments , of quebec seen through &quot; google maps &quot; , maps , etc .
like the mass media during elections .
moreover , as a point to emphasise , the prime minister has refused to exclude that he might call elections this fall , although he pointed out that his schedule was very busy .
the &quot; north plan &quot; is the fourth part of a &quot; vision &quot; that the prime minister claims to have for quebec , that of a &quot; new economic space &quot; , which includes an agreement on labour with france , an agreement between canada and europe , and agreements with ontario .
often mentioned in the speeches of the prime minister recently , the opening of the north - the northern territory to the 49th parallel - had never been the object of a presentation .
the prime minister had however to explain why the north was &quot; a jewel with an immense potential &quot; , but never given its due chance , investment money , or specific priority in future projects .
at most , a few avenues that could be further developed : including hydropower , the forest , but most of the entire mining sector , boosted by growth in emerging countries and the reconstruction of public infrastructure .
the north contains &quot; nickel , zinc , copper , platinum , gold , silver , iron , titanium , and even diamonds &quot; , according to mr. charest &apos;s list .
this territory is twice the size of france &quot; , &quot; it is here with us , it is in quebec .
not only is it with us , but it &apos;s also us &quot; , he insisted , to better show this he solicited a national founding myth .
the province has built much by its relationship with the north , he said : the gold rush in abitibi , quebec engineering , james &apos;s bay .
&quot; we , our future , &quot; he added after a theatrical pause contemplating the immense map behind him .
the north , 70 % of quebec , includes a portion of labrador that quebec has always claimed &quot; , said the prime minister at the press briefing .
&quot; this is a traditional position that all governments have reiterated .
there is a border along which there has been no agreement for too long a time and , when the opportunity arises , i reiterate this position there on behalf of government &quot; , he said .
moreover , &quot; with the climate changes , we must rethink our vision of the north &quot; , he declared , referring to the northwest passage , to be held open throughout the year due to melting ice .
in this new geopolitical context , the prime minister considers occupying the territory a duty .
and the inhabitants of the territory , first nations and inuit ?
the prime minister said that the quebec government would be very careful with regard to them and that the project would benefit them , especially to young people .
two former ministers from two different parties , pierre corbeil and michel létourneau ( former member ungava pq ) , have already started consultations with thirty communities .
an inter-ministerial committee chaired by benoit pelletier , in which julie boulet ( transport and natural resources ) has an important place , started work .
the prime minister has not excluded holding a big meeting , &quot; not necessarily a summit , &quot; but a time when &quot; we give ourselves a common vision . &quot;
northern development would also be consistent with the principles of sustainable development .
the north will be &quot; coordinated , orderly and respectful of the environment &quot; , he promised .
jean charest described this &quot; vision &quot; as continuous with that of the liberal prime minister who preceded him .
&quot; as the liberals who have preceded us , we have alternatively thought to transform challenges into opportunities for growth and development . &quot;
this has been one of the recurring themes of the weekend , which was launched friday by a grand cocktail party to mark the 50th anniversary of the arrival of jean lesage at the head of the party .
one of the resolutions proposed to rename the central beauharnois dam in adélard-godbout .
&quot; from godbout , who created hydro-quebec , to lesage who made the quiet revolution and the nationalization of hydroelectricity , to bourassa who made james bay , our party has managed to forge the future &quot; , declared jean charest .
in the press briefing , he invoked another reference , conservative as this , the program &quot; roads to the north &quot; by john diefenbaker , prime minister from 1957 to 1963 .
addressing the proposed hydroelectric dam of eastmain1a-ruper , mr. charest has stressed that it should become operational for 2012 .
&quot; between us , but i plan to be there , &quot; he told activists , eliciting from them a huge round of applause .
indeed , the prime minister , who said in april that there would be no election in 2008 and probably not even in 2009 , has not ruled out the possibility of calling an election this fall , it is what the law permits him .
he stressed that his schedule is filled up , notably by a mission to the federation council in china and a quebec-new york summit .
the weekend &apos;s general council provided the liberal leader a platform containing the nationalists resolutions , notably some &quot; constitutional aspirations &quot; which passed through like a breeze : the plq in particular calls for the recognition of the &quot; specificity of quebec in the constitution .
it also wants quebec to be able to appoint members of the canadian radio and telecommunications and that they have a veto over decisions taken in quebec .
on the opposition side , the outline of the northern plan was received with scepticism .
the pq leader , pauline marois , has brought up again the policy development of northern quebec that the landry government had launched in 2001 .
according to her , the liberal government , when it came into power in 2003 , had waived the application .
had it done so , &quot; it would be more advanced today , &quot; commented ms. marois alongside her candidate in jean-talon ( ballot which takes place today ) , françoise mercure .
the adq has supported the adoption of the north plan by the government .
&quot; but what is desired , is that it is not just for show &quot; , said the leader sébastien proulx , replacing mario dumont , who returned from vacation today .
letters - a country dishonoured
it is mr. vic toews , former minister of justice &quot; ( oh irony ) in the harper cabinet , which allowed himself last summer to say that louise arbor was a &quot; shame &quot; for canada .
thus casting opprobrium on the woman who led a struggle for justice and who deserves our admiration also speaks volumes about the entourage of the prime minister and on stephen harper himself .
here , we have before us a government that is the only one among all western countries involved , not to have repatriated its nationals locked in the concentration camp at guantanamo .
a government which ignores the fact that omar khadr was a young teenager at the time of the crimes for which he is charged .
the only government that , despite the fact that canada has signed the geneva convention , has gone back on his word and let languish in inhumane conditions a child soldier .
the only one that relies on a travesty of justice to assess the guilt of the accused .
remember , for the record , that unicef , amnesty international and the canadian bar association , among others , pleaded for the repatriation of omar khadr so that he receives a fair trial in canada .
this same government turns a blind eye to torture : little does it matter to it that a young adult is now psychologically destroyed , doubtlessly forever , after so many years of abuses .
one does not yet realise , but we are witnessing right now a creeping erosion of our rights , of our liberties , and our &quot; democracy &quot; , this word that harper continues to brandish and that sounds hollow in his mouth .
now comes the time when there are no more morals : one can bully , torture , arbitrarily detain a canadian citizen at the whim of the head of a minor government so far ( so what will happen so after 14 october ... ) .
a number of voters believe they will find salvation in a party that advocates virtue , law , and order : they do not see that this government has abandoned what was the reputation and dignity of our country .
shame , mr. toews , it is here , in this renunciation , and not elsewhere .
free opinion - the orwellian speech barrick gold
in its september 17 edition , le devoir published a letter from mr patrick j. garver , executive vice-president of the canadian mining barrick gold .
following an orwellian logic , it states that the largest gold company in the world brought a defamation suit of six million against three authors and a small publishing house without a penny in order to launch a &quot; transparent public debate &quot; .
while it is true that the judges are independent and impartial , especially in the cases of defamation , they do not seek to find the truth but to follow the law .
not surprisingly , this difference is completely obscured by mr. garver .
since , for barrick gold , the best way for it to conduct a public debate is to ruin anyone who dares to support a contrary position ?
regardless of the trial &apos;s outcome , the authors and publisher of the book black canada will have to spend considerable sums to prepare their defence and fight , with very unequal resources , against an army of lawyers supported by the almost bottomless pockets of mining .
the tactics , in these unequal struggles , is often to ruin the defendants with the aim of imposing a settlement that silences the opposition and in addition frightens anyone who dares to think of reopening the issue .
if barrick gold really wanted a public debate , it is before the public it should have presented its vision of the facts .
contrary to what is done in several countries where barrick gold operates , the debates in canada are normally through the exchange of ideas and not of baton thumps .
thus , it would have been sufficient for the mining company to open its books , records and establish a real debate , through newspapers , the media , publications and funding independent research teams that could shed light on the issue .
but barrick gold appears not to trust public opinion and rejected out of hand petitions and letters of support to the authors of black canada .
perhaps mr garver could explain how he can both call for a &quot; public &quot; debate while at the same time disregarding the views of that very same audience ?
in the world of the vice-president , it seems that this word refers only to high priced lawyers and not to all canadians : that is a rather narrow view of the concept .
in a democracy , even the critics have the right to speak .
what barrick gold does not - or will not - understand is that the public which supports the writers and publishers of black canada , does so primarily because it rejects its brutal mining methods .
the public is ready to hear barrick and judge , but on the basis of a civilized exchange of arguments , and not as part of what many perceive as a prosecution-gag ( continuing the &quot; public debate &quot; , barrick gold has just moreover filed a notice against the authors of black canada demanding them to cease their use of the term ... ) .
beyond the mr. garver &apos;s surreal speech , the continuation of barrick gold is a direct attack against the freedom of academic research and the quest for truth , essential for any democratic society .
it denies , collectively , the right to quote from credible sources and debate on the facts and interpretations , which represents the very basis of intellectual work .
if it is impossible to study and discuss subjects unpalatable to the wealthy corporations in the world in a country like canada , under penalty of repeated prosecution , who can do it ?
if barrick gold really wanted an open and transparent debate , it could do so by following the scientific standards used by the authors of black canada .
she has a right to reply .
the academia , to which we belong , has long been managing the debates and disagreements , and resolving conflicts .
barrick gold enormous pursuit clearly shows that , contrary to its claims , it did not want a transparent debate .
it is a loss for academia , as well as for public debate in canada , and it is time that governments put in place devices that limit such frivolous practices .
operation save wall street - democrats and republicans agree
the bush administration and leaders of congress , both the republicans and the democrats , finally reached an agreement yesterday on the largest economic rescue plan since the great depression of the 30s .
the new version of the 700 billion u.s. dollars plan to curb the financial crisis that rocked wall street for months has yet to be ratified by both houses of congress .
in particular , it foresees : a better control by elected officials of its implementation , new mechanisms to ensure repayment of public money committed , new provisions to limit the number of houses seized for non-payment , as well as a right to look at the salaries paid to executives of companies rescued .
u.s. treasury secretary , henry paulson , the chairman of the house of representatives , nancy pelosi , and republican representative to the negotiating table , senator judd gregg , announced the good news a few minutes after midnight yesterday , following a marathon two-day negotiations .
&quot; we have made great progress towards an agreement that will be effective on the market , &quot; declared the representative of the bush administration , henry paulson .
&quot; everything has been done in order to shield the real economy and ordinary americans from the current crisis on wall street , &quot; said the democrat .
&quot; this is the fundamental point : if we do not do this , the trauma , chaos and disruption on the daily lives of americans will be immense , &quot; declared republican judd gregg .
the negotiations turned into a sprint in the final hours for fear of the effect another failure would cause on the mood of investors .
the deadline we had given was the opening of the markets this morning .
associated late to the negotiations , the two american presidential candidates were rather supportive to the agreement , without failing , however , to express their dissatisfaction that one is compelled to reach this extreme .
democratic senator barack obama has asked for the addition of certain provisions in the agreement , particularly those that enable owners to keep their homes and ones on the wages of leaders of enterprises rescued by the state .
&quot; when you ask taxpayers to take extraordinary measures because of the irresponsibility of some , there is nothing to congratulate .
but these measures are necessary , &quot; he commented on the airwaves of american television .
asked by another channel whether he will vote for the proposed plan , his republican opponent , john mccain , responded : &quot; i would like to see the details , but i hope so . &quot;
&quot; the outline that i read &#91; show &#93; that this is something we will all have to digest and with which we can go forwards .
the option of doing nothing is simply not acceptable &quot; , he said .
the plan of 700 billion aims to buy with the money of taxpayers bad debts , assets at risk and unsellable u.s. financial institutions .
it comes after a 14 month crisis triggered by the bursting of a housing bubble which first led to the collapse of risky mortgages ( subprime ) before spreading to other forms of more widespread credit titles ( pcaa ) and leading to a freeze of liquidity and the stampede of banks and financial institutions .
this is a group of elected republicans who had derailed the first draft agreement last week .
it is believed to have come out of this impasse ever since the democrats have agreed that certain &quot; toxic &quot; shares of companies in difficulty are only insured by the government , rather than purchased .
to round off the corners for everyone in congress , a provision has also been added stipulating that if the government had to take losses for five years because of this program , it could introduce new taxes to help recover its investment .
the new plan provides for the payment of an initial tranche of 250 billion to which could be added another 100 billion if the president deems necessary .
the other payment of 350 billion has to be endorsed by another vote of congress .
in exchange for its support , washington will get stakes in the companies it has rescued , earning dividends in case of profits and that it can sell when the storm has passed .
the federal government will be able to delay the proceedings on the seizure of housing attached to mortgage loans under this plan and to set limits to compensation and severance packages paid to executives of companies affected .
the architects of the plan would like to see it put to the vote in the house of representatives today , and the senate on wednesday .
despite all their efforts , it is not yet certain that their plan will get the green light .
voices have indeed continued to be raised against the project yesterday , both in the republican camp as well as by the democrats .
&quot; obviously , washington does not hear you , &quot; said while addressing his constituents the republican scott garrett , a member of the finance committee of the house .
&quot; yes , we have a serious financial problem .
yes , solutions do exist .
but not ones that take advantage of taxpayers &quot; .
leader of a small group in congress dubbed &quot; the sceptics &apos; caucus &quot; , the democratic representative brad sherman presents things differently , but reaches the same conclusion .
&quot; four hundred prominent professors of economics , including three nobel prize winners , have written to tell us : one asks the congress not to hurry and to examine carefully the way forward &quot; , he said yesterday .
at the same time , europe has once again demonstrated the global nature of the crisis .
after an emergency meeting , the three benelux countries have announced the partial nationalization of the banking group fortis for 11.2 billion euro ( 16.3 billion u.s. ) .
the intervention of the governments of belgium , the netherlands and luxembourg had been made necessary after the french bank bnp paribas has indicated that it would renounce acquiring its rival in full bankruptcy since it has lost 2 billion euro ( 2.9 billion u.s. ) in the risky mortgages crisis in the united states .
fortis employs 85 000 people and is part of the twenty largest european banks and the ten largest insurers .
&quot; this is not lost money , declared yesterday the dutch finance minister , wouter bos .
in return , we get the right to vote with the bank and some influence .
it &apos;s just something that investors and households appreciate now that uncertain times are ahead . &quot;
meanwhile , across the channel , the british government seems about to nationalize another bank hit by the financial crisis .
according to the english press , the government to endorse all outstanding loans in the bank bradford and bingley , including more than 41 billion ( 75.5 billion u.s. ) in real estate loans .
the spanish bank santander has indicated yesterday that it will buy branches and customer accounts of the british bank .
the bradford and bingley would be the second bank , after the northern rock , the british government will have to nationalize since the beginning of this financial crisis .
paul newman ( 1925-2008 ) - death of an true icon
his beauty and his blue eyes were for a long time his main asset , some would say his weakness .
did he free himself from this narcissistic mirror , this american actor with the charming smile ?
yes and no .
his modesty , his sensitivity and an abundance of talent would have also distanced him from the power register which gives birth to real sacred monsters .
but what a great runner till the end !
paul newman , who died on friday , aged 83 , as a result of lung cancer at his ranch in connecticut , remains one of the last icons of american cinema from the years of splendour .
less monumental than brando , who he resembled and was a long time sort of rival on the screen , more cautious in his game , certainly more fragile , but also an apostle of freedom and the breaking of dramatic conventions .
mixed blood children are often magnificent .
he was born in ohio in 1925 , from a jewish german father and a mother of hungarian origin .
from these european roots were born the glorious faces of the american dream .
without an excessive ego , the ultimate mark of quality .
because in him is portrayed a country-loving self made man , a combatant in the pacific war , wounded in combat , who in the early 50 &apos;s studied drama at yale and attended the actor &apos;s studio in new york , before triumphing at the theatre , on television , soon after at the cinema .
the same man who fought for civil rights was also the driver who ranked second in the 24 hours le mans in 1979 , doubled as a sex symbol , albeit a member of a model couple formed since 1958 with the actress joanne woodward .
also disappearing with him are the shadowy areas of this secret star , discreet , committed , allergic to the scandals of show business , which have definitely not penetrated the enigma .
an honest man in the noblest sense of the word .
the disappearance of paul newman brought vertigo to moviegoers this weekend , while his major roles collide on the black screen of memories .
more than half a century of a seventh american art which is constantly changing scrolls through him .
rushing back into memory are the charming cowboy in butch cassidy and the sundance kid ( 1969 ) , the young man rejecting his sensual wife ( elizabeth taylor ) in the cat on a hot tin roof adapted from tennessee williams in 1958 .
closer to us ( 1990 ) , one evokes his sensitive mr. bridge , disturbed in his old age by a marriage that did not fulfil all its promises .
so many other paul newman have passed into history .
the boxer rocky graziano , delinquent , tormented , violent , unforgettable in somebody up there likes me ( marked by hatred ) , robert wise , a role destined for james dean , taken after his death , which really launched newman in 1956 .
this friendly crook in the most brilliant the sting , oscar for best film in 1973 .
billiard player bitter and vengeful in the magnificent the hustler by robert rossen ( 1961 ) , he took up again the character on his return in the color of money by martin scorsese , who in 1987 won him his only oscar with nine nominations .
this face throughout the ages , it was him .
him again .
eras jostle by through his journey .
young people know him mainly through the cult of slap shot by george roy hill ( 1977 ) , as reggie dunlop , the coach of an unorthodox ice hockey team .
his fans met him again in 1994 in the hudsucker proxy by the coen brothers .
with a last role as the godfather of an irish mafia in road to perdition by sam mendes in 2003 , the loop was closed .
unlike several legends of the cinema who have dropped the trade early , newman has remained in the saddle for a long time , while denouncing hollywood , its gold , its splendour and its concessions .
the french filmmaker bertrand tavernier considered him , not without humour , &quot; as a living challenge to &quot; underplaying &quot; judging his performances too supported .
the profession has not always been easy with the beautiful paul newman to whom roles came for a long time easy as pie .
he played though less often , in his first young roles , marginal characters : neurotics , alcoholics , bastards or desperate men , with his perfect traits reflecting the excesses and the rebellious .
as director , newman revealed a little known aspect of his modest real sensitivity .
his rachel , rachel , in 1968 ( based on the novel by the canadian margaret laurence ) , with his wife joanne woodward in the lead role , drew a fine female portrait of melancholy .
he lost his son scott to an overdose to whom he dedicated his film harry and son in 1984 , out of decency and sadness .
among the rain of tributes that fell on newman yesterday , his great friend and former companion in arms robert redford ( they played together in the sting , and butch cassidy and the sundance kid ) said , very saddened : &quot; his presence has made my life and this country better . &quot;
generosity , love of life are the features of the vibrant actor just disappeared .
beyond his legendary career , also erased was a great activist for civil rights , ecology , the independent cinema , a protestor against the excesses of hollywood .
we saw his mug shots on a lot of jars of salad dressing , sauces , biscuits , and other foodstuffs , judging the process fairly tasteless , although a gag at the outset .
profits from these sales were nevertheless paid to his foundation for children in difficulty .
newman , rather than sit on his myth , has remained committed until the end .
he left his five daughters a letter containing these words : &quot; always and to the end , your father has been incredibly grateful for his good fortune .
it has been a privilege being there . &quot;
and a privilege for us to have followed the trail of such a lucid and generous american artist .
a model citizen , in sum and in addition .
what has been produced in the invoice factory of zuschlag and his companions ?
the conduct of the criminal prosecution of jános zuschlag and his companions will be started on 8th october .
the politician and his companions have been accused of taking part continuously and on a professional basis in a fraud causing significant damages , as well as in other criminal activities , including forgery .
according to the prosecution , they used the awarded tender funds for their own purposes and often certified the performance of tasks by fake invoices .
the state and municipal funds - huf 65 million in total - have been shared between the organization fiatal baloldal and other people .
the methodology - which has been published by the investigating authority , too - was to use bills of costs with unreal performance in order to access the awarded tender funds . this way the associations never met the agreed undertakings .
most of the invoices were false according to the indictment .
the invoice templates were acquired in the józsefváros market and the round stamps were manufactured in kiskunhalas .
the selection of the companies in the name of which the bills were issued was completed on a trip in western hungary , where jános zuschlag sent istván lados .
according to the testimony of the latter one , he was ordered to select pensions and restaurants .
he asked for the bill of his consumption at the specific place , and based on this invoice they prepared the invoices to be submitted to the tenders called for by institutes such as the ministry of youth and sports , the ministry of social affairs and labour and the municipality of budapest .
these were submitted mainly by istván lados and his companion , andrás őri , who was responsible for writing the reports required to qualify for the support .
one of lados &apos;s &quot; study visits &quot; was to a beer-house .
according to the invoice dated 2003 and issued by zuschlag and his companions , the establishment provided food for a group of 90 people , who were members of the association biztos pont egyesület .
however , as the director of the company states , the establishment does not even have the capacity to provide seats for such a great number of people .
the invoice submitted in the summer of 2002 to the foundation called jobb jövőért - which was later renamed to együtt a harmadik évezredért - also contained several mistakes in its form and content .
the bill was issued for the accommodation of 130 guests in a 3-room pension in badacsonytomaj , which had the maximum capacity of providing place for ten people .
the imaginative fillers of the invoices went also too far when they indicated pigal kft. in the documents . it is a company dealing with catering services but its accounting - according to the information provided to the accusation authority - did not even include the documents of the foundations jobb jövőért and hoppá .
győző farkas , director of the firm said to hvg.hu that when he was summoned and the invoices were shown to him , he recognised their false nature immediately .
&quot; the name and tax number of our company were placed incorrectly on the stamp . &quot;
and he added that , moreover , the invoice had been issued for the accommodation of 100 persons in spite of the fact that they had only 11 rooms , which did not have the capacity for so many people .
in addition , the bill included catering as well , though their restaurant had not been in function for long .
the enthusiastic bill-makers were not aware of the fact that the budapest-based travel agency that they selected organizes foreign tours only , thus the indicated hungarian transport - as a service category - did not coincide with the invoice issuing practice of the firm .
furthermore , - as it has been discovered during the investigation - they also indicated vat on the document in spite of the fact that the transport activities to foreign countries other than the european union were exempt from vat .
the degree of vat , which has been shown in four documents issued by hotel révfülöp kft. to the foundation jobb jövőért , was also incorrect since the service of the firm should have been increased by vat of 15 % , instead of the indicated 25 % . additionally , the employees of the hotel issued exclusively machine-made invoices , while the reviewed bills were manually prepared .
the invoice-issuers made another mistake when they indicated road transport of goods as performed activity - turned out during the prosecution procedure . this activity was not included in the services carried out by the firm originally dealing with investment consulting .
the fake nature of the bills issued to együtt a harmadik évezredért alapítvány , xxi . századi kulturális egyesület and biztos pont was disclosed due to formal deviations such as inappropriate billing format and forged stamp .
just like in the case of ravenna bt. or the sportcamp of kunfehértó , the representatives of which denied having issued the bills .
the forgers did not even pay attention to the fact that the nyíregyháza based hib kft. was under liquidation at the time ( 2001 ) when a group from fiatal városért egyesület allegedly had lunch there . the insolvency practitioner denied having issued the document .
issued consciously
the other group of the invoice-issuers consists of those having been aware of issuing fictitious invoices .
the foundation esély budapestért alapítvány issued an invoice of about four million forints for on the request of fiatal baloldal - ifjú szocialisták . this invoice was issued to the foundation együtt a harmadik évezredért .
according to the indictment , the director of collab kft. was encouraged by one of the defendants , ludovic györfi , to prepare a fictitious invoice .
biogate kft . - which is currently under liquidation - also cooperated with zuschlag and his companions . in 2003 the company provided the foundation jobb jövőért alapítvány , the associations atlasz egyesület and vörösfenyő egyesület with invoices of roughly huf 5 million with no real economic activity behind .
there was no cash flow either since the issued invoices were voided later , but the organizations forgot to indicate this in their documents .
the next category of the firms having issued the invoices are those being linked to the defendants .
a good example for this is iván kubatov , the delivery representative of the ukrainian executive director of delta trió kft. having its headquarters in budapest , but not to be found there , which deals with fuel and vehicle trade .
in october , november and december the company issued several invoices for selling computing devices , in a value of approximately huf 18 million .
according to the data of the investigation , these bills were purchased by the kiskunhalas-based cash investment kft . , which has been under liquidation since 14 september 2005 .
the executive director of the above-mentioned company was a romanian man , to whom iván kubatov was supposed to forward the company documents between 2002 and 2005 .
according to our information , kubatov admitted having issued bills to atlasz , hoppá and együtt a harmadik évezredért alapítvány and received the amounts paid .
fa-bani jos faipari kft. and jos-investment bt. were founded by romanian masons , specifically at the request of iván kubatov .
however , neither of these firms operated actually , which the defendant explained by lack of orders .
still , he could take advantage of these undertakings ; for his request , attorney zsolt szente - who was responsible for preparing the company founding documents as well - issued invoices in the name of the mentioned firms for the associations being in connection with zuschlag , namely for atlasz and y-generáció .
kubatov provided 15 invoices for the organizations in the name of cash investment , delta trió , fa-bani jos , jos investment and linaxtrade , with a total value of huf 14.2 million .
according to the prosecution , 10 % of the amount indicated on the invoices and the amount of vat was the share of kubatov .
he even had szi-beri bt. issue fictitious invoices which were used for the tender of biztos pont .
in january 2006 y-generáció and szövetség a modern magyarországért submitted a tender to táncsics mihály alapítvány ( tma ) , which is a non-profit organization of the socialist party .
they were awarded huf 500.000 each , but the amounts were not used for the purposes indicated in the tender .
in order to avoid the fraud being disclosed , they submitted the 5 fictitious invoices issued by works team kft. to tma .
these invoices were found - during the searches - in árpád kemecsei &apos;s office located in the ministry of education .
some defendants are likely to confess about the process of the invoice production - as they did at the attorney &apos;s department , too .
the most interesting part of the situation could be jános zuschlag &apos;s decision on disclosing his secrets .
his testimony so far is not very detailed , and though he did promise to provide information on all areas of the case , he has not done so .
the question is whether he is interested in fulfilling his promise or - in return for the reimbursement of most of the damage ( 50 million forints ) , the socialists have struck a deal with him and zusi would rather take the rap .
or he might just have taken offence since his requests regarding the alleviation of the conditions of his detention - in other words his being placed under house arrest - kept falling upon deaf ears .
while those who have committed the much more damaging and non-compensated economic criminal activities can walk freely in the streets or wait at their home for the end of the legal procedure being conducted against them , he does not have the opportunity to do that .
the psychology of overbidding : what do we spend more money on ?
at an auction , the customers tend to spend more money on a product and overvalue it .
the neurologist and economist researchers of new york university managed to disclose the neurological-economic basis of this well-known - and seemingly irrational - behaviour .
according to their study published in the periodical called science , people don not want to lose in a competition like the auction of ebay , thus they rather pay an unrealistically high price .
the research aimed at mapping the neurological scheme of this &quot; game &quot; with the help of experimental auctions .
a group of volunteers was playing lottery and another group was taking part in an auction . in the meanwhile , the active brain area of the experimental persons was being examined by functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fmri ) .
the participants had the chance to gain money in both games but during the auction game - in which overbidding the other person plays a significant role - the complex called striatum , situated under the cerebral cortex , was coming into operation upon the person &apos;s defeat .
this area of the brain - besides its other functions - plays role in the &quot; self-rewarding &quot; mechanism of the nervous system .
thus , according to the researchers , raising the price can be explained by the avoidance of the violent reaction of the striatum .
in order to justify their theory , the economist members of the research group conducted financial researches as well .
in this research three groups were making bids against someone , under various conditions .
the control group was simply informed about the real value of the certain product and they made their bids .
another group got a promise of receiving an extra amount of 15 dollars in case of their victory .
the third group was provided by 15 dollars before the auction but in case of defeat , they would lose this amount .
as it seems , the only difference between the two groups was the emphasis of victory or defeat .
proving the hypothesis of the neurologists , the members of the group &quot; playing for not losing money &quot; were ready to make higher bids than the control group or the group &quot; playing for gaining money &quot; .
&quot; these results cannot be deduced from any existing economic theory .
the earlier theories explained the phenomenon experienced at auctions by the delight of victory and risk avoidance .
it was the neurological imaging methods that helped us to dissolve the contradiction between the two theories in a way that we got to a third explanation at the end &quot; , said andrew schotter , professor of the economic faculty of new york university .
hepatitis : when shall we turn to a doctor ?
approximately half a billion people suffer from chronic hepatitis b or c infection . in hungary , the chronic liver disease is mentioned among the main causes of mortality .
although the number of the hungarians being infected by hepatitis can reach 100 000 , only 7 000 of them are treated properly . the reason is that many times people are not aware of being infected .
hepatitis is a collective name of different infectious liver diseases caused by various viruses .
even though there are similarities in the symptoms , e.g. liver inflammation or jaundice , the nature of the pathogens and the caused diseases are different .
hepatitis viruses are transmitted in two main forms , depending on the type of the pathogens : hepatitis a and e travel through the alimentary tract ( for example with infected food or water ) , hepatitis b , c , d and the other viruses are carried in blood and body fluids ( semen , vaginal mucus , saliva ) .
those who travel a lot should protect themselves against viruses a and b by vaccination ; but there is no vaccination against virus c.
the symptoms of hepatitis a appear 2 or 3 weeks after having eaten the contaminated food ; they are accompanied by general malaise , weakness , abdominal problems , nausea .
the next sign is jaundice appearing on the skin and in the white part of the eye . additional symptoms are : light coloured faeces , dark urine . recovery can take 2 or 3 weeks .
annually and worldwide , 1 million people die of the more serious type of the disease , hepatitis b , causing liver cancer and cirrhosis of the liver .
the main reason is that only an estimated one-tenth of the infected receive medical treatment .
hepatitis c can also lead to serious problems : it may result in cirrhosis of the liver or liver cancer if it is not treated .
most of the infected are not even aware of their illness since the pathogens destroy the liver cells over a long time , thus in many cases the first symptoms emerge 20 or 30 years later .
from this point , early prevention , especially regular screening tests have fundamental significance .
in three groups this illness is experienced highly above the average : among people having received blood transfusion before 1991 , drug-addicts and those having tattoos .
currently , the number of people infected by chronic hepatitis c is around 200 million worldwide .
since the disease can be recognized by routine laboratory testing , it is worth seeing a doctor if any symptoms of unknown origin are observed .
in case of early recognition , the disease can be cured , the virus can be destroyed , thus infectivity ceases and the induction of cancer can be prevented .
30 september is the world hepatitis day , which was first organized in 2004 by the organizations representing the infected .
it aims to call attention to chronic liver inflammation caused by viruses , the causes of its induction and the significance of early recognition .
does it hurt less if you believe in god ?
according to a recent research , religious belief can be used as a kind of pain killer , which could have eased the death of catholic martyrs as well .
&quot; the scientists of oxford university carried out an interesting experiment about the influence of believing in god on the degree of people &apos;s sensitivity to pain &quot; , says the british telegraph .
within the framework of this highly bizarre experiment 12 catholic believers and 12 atheists were given electric shock . in the meanwhile , all of them were studying a painting of virgin mary .
the results showed that the practising catholics were able to exclude most of their pain .
due to the brain scanning technology , it turned out that the catholics were able to activate the part of their brain responsible for pain regulation .
this was the first experiment in a series of research , which besides academicians includes scientists , philosophers , theologians from different departments of the university .
to be exact , a sparking object providing electric shock was attached to the left hand of the volunteers in the experiment .
the researchers asked the experimental subjects to thoroughly study two paintings ; sassoferrato &apos;s virgin mary from the 17th century and leonardo da vinci &apos;s lady with an ermine from the 15th century .
the researchers expected that - seeing the picture of virgin mary - the believers would enter a sort of religious state of mind . da vinci &apos;s painting was selected because of its similar style and calming nature .
the volunteers spent half an hour in an mri scanner and received 20 electric shocks within four consecutive time periods , while they were looking at one of the above-mentioned paintings .
the catholics described the situation as &quot; safe &quot; and &quot; protecting &quot; which made them &quot; relaxed and peaceful &quot; .
12 percent less pain was reported while the experimental subjects were studying the religious painting - comparing to the feeling they experienced by the sight of leonardo &apos;s work .
according to psychologist miguel farias , taking part in the experiment himself , similar effect could be produced by any kind of painting having strong emotional influence on the certain person , even among atheists . it is all about finding the right picture .
&quot; we should find a photo of someone who they feel very positive about , like a mother or a father &quot; , says the psychologist .
anglican bishop tom wright welcomed the findings of the research .
&quot; practising faith should change and often does change our personality &quot; , he added .
after these great results the question now is how leonardo &apos;s or another highly appreciated painter &apos;s picture of madonna would influence the believers &apos; pain regulation ?
would the sight of a quality virgin mary bring even better results ?
you are what you share
on its 10th birthday google can admit : it is there in the people &apos;s pocket , as well as above their head , in the sky . google knows where people go on vacation , what kind of medical consultations they visit and what they are interested in .
in spite of all that , eric schmidt , a key person of the company is still not satisfied .
on the other hand , the sceptics who bring it in parallel with orwell &apos;s dreadful fantasy just cannot see the essence of web 2.0 .
eric schmidt recently stated to the financial times that the main goal of google was to collect further personal information about the users . it is necessary to maintain the google founders &apos; original aim , namely : &quot; to create a system for all the information of the world &quot; , he added .
according to the google-chief , the company - after having subverted the entire world in the last 10 years - is still at the beginning of the road towards the ability of treating all the information .
answering the question concerning his plans for the next 5 years he said he would like to ensure that google will be able to reply to questions like &quot; what shall i do tomorrow ? &quot; , or &quot; what type of jobs suit me best ? &quot; . however , software cannot give the right answers to these seemingly simple questions since the available amount of user information is not sufficient .
not all internet users are aware of the fact that the terms searched by them are recorded , as well as the ip address used for the search and the pages visited by them afterwards .
using the 2-year-old personalized search function , users can store their own surfing histories , they can review what they were looking for , what kind of links they clicked on before . in the long term , it can provide the users with personalized findings . the function called recommendations will be based on the same logic : it will be able to offer us products and services by the help of the preferences provided and recorded earlier .
&quot; what happens if my personal data are used against me , if it is discovered what i do ? &quot; , ask some of the users worrying about the information-monopoly of google .
it is usually the degree of the potential power represented by the company that generates counter reaction in the users , not sense of guilt , fear of punishment , desire for freedom or rebellion against authority .
nevertheless , it has been confirmed that all the searched terms are recorded and - where appropriate - those can even be transferred to third parties . in such cases nothing protects the privacy of the internet users .
the best example for that is the concerted action against some brazilian paedophiles ; google transferred the brazilian government some information from one of its social networking pages , called orkut . the data supplied helped the government identify several paedophiles .
the users who were worrying about the invasion of personal privacy could relief back in may when google - in association with the eef electronic legal aid organization - successfully proved his right against the fbi : the court confirmed that under no point of the constitution can the fbi oblige google to provide any kind of , secretly asked information .
( nevertheless , - referring to the confirmation of the child protection law approved several years earlier - the federal government did manage to get access to 50 000 web addresses and 1 000 search terms . however , it could not acquire the individual users &apos; search lists , nor a complete list of web pages and keywords covering a two-month period . )
as it seems , there are controversial opinions on google . it is attacked by those who fear of giving out their personal data because they feel that their intimate sphere and private life would be diminished by using the services provided by google . thus , they rather represent the resisting group of conservative multinational companies .
meanwhile , the american geek culture and its wild oat including enthusiastic computer fans , activists , users in several countries consider them as the next generation of large companies , a &quot; cool corporation &quot; , in contrast to their opinion about their rival , microsoft , the creator of windows and the conqueror of the world , in spite of the fact that the two companies fight for the same goal .
one of the reasons for it can be that google - unlike microsoft - does not require identification name from its users and money for the applications . furthermore , the open and continuously updated source code and programme package - comparing to the official software giant &apos;s practice - looks more available , youthful and cool .
or maybe it is because of the fact that geeks can precisely see the problematic relation between personal privilege and internet , which is in accordance with the most frequently discussed key expression of the last few years , web 2.0 .
web 2.0 is about a collaboration to intentionally leave traces about our computer activities and exploit the available communication channels . though the degree of this act can be various , depending on the user , the main point is the same : we show ourselves to the world .
an average young person can open a profile on various public pages such as facebook or xanga , they can even link them to other services like twitter or the music list maker last.fm , then those can be connected to a tracking system such as friendfeed or blip.fm. in addition , users can create blogs that automatically update the recently uploaded photo galleries stored on flickr or picasa .
we can read about several stories like this : the girl - checking the plenty of photos uploaded in the morning by common friends - finds out where her untrustworthy boyfriend spent his previous night . or another one : an employee might lose his job just because he shared his opinion on the management in his blog . one consequence can be definitely drawn : the definition of privacy has been revalued .
if someone lives an online life , they are what they show of themselves - this is the basic concept behind the behaviour of today &apos;s youth .
if someone has something to keep secret or if someone simply just wants to bypass google &apos;s monopoly , it is also possible ( e.g. using scroogle , which also applies the google search system but purposely leaves no trace behind ) .
the number of those intentionally not registering to social networking sites is significant . this way they can avoid being discovered , google &apos;s online applications from text editor to image manager and newsreader can be replaced by alternative versions that are not in connection with huge server parks and not trying to create our best profile ever .
general public is looking forward to seeing what is still hidden by google .
the company - with its value of usd 156 billion - is worth more than ibm ( usd 140 billion ) , intel ( usd 124 billion ) or coca-cola ( usd 110 billion ) . in addition , the advertising spaces of adwords / adsense threaten the income of advertising agencies and services introduced at ever-increasing speed cause microsoft and several other software developers a serious headache .
nevertheless , critics can also find the disturbing counterpoints : the management completely rejected the employees &apos; objection , which burst out because the fee of the company &apos;s kindergarten had been doubled . the daily canteen - the use of which had been allowed at any time and even several times - was also considered to be too costly by the management . however , all these are nothing compared to the fact that google bowed before the chinese government in 2006 and - according to their agreement - the company has filtered all search results that offend good taste or the interests of the chinese regime .
one of the internal regulations of the company says that new services shall not be advertised in advance , only when they are ready to be used . still , the coming months and years will definitely have huge influence on the world : some people predict that the book and magazine scanning and archiving project of google will soon reach such proportions that it will have to face the supreme court . others have fear of the health system , which has the capacity to build a complete health profile about us , including our previous medical findings , physicians and problems .
finally , the fact that google is building up a genetic database can provide a perfect base material for the sci-fi writers of the next generation . cory doctorow &apos;s popular novel , scroogled applies orwell &apos;s style in the description of a future where a person can be pictured terrifyingly well only by using google data .
the murderer of two was assisted by two minors in hiding the traces in ózd
&quot; the police interrogated two minors about the double homicide committed in ózd . there are reasonable grounds for suspecting that they assisted the murderer in hiding the traces of the crime &quot; , says the spokesman of the main police station of borsod county .
the two young people admitted having committed the mentioned act , they are currently accused of aiding and abetting .
the two minors - 2 girls , according to the information provided by mti - answer to the charges at large .
aiding and abetting can be punished by a maximum of 5 years of imprisonment .
the suspect of the double homicide committed in ózd - a 23-year-old local man - was taken to preliminary custody on sunday .
he is accused of having committed premeditated homicide against several people , for the sake of gain .
during the investigation , it turned out that the 23-year-old young man owed significant amount of money to a 53-year-old man .
the suspect did not intend to pay back the debt , so he drew his creditor to a suburban establishment of ózd last wednesday , where he killed him and his 9-year-old daughter .
according to the information of mti , the young man was determined to commit the crime , which is evidenced by the fact that he had previously hidden a gun at the premise for this purpose .
the police is examining the gun and the conditions of the crime with the assistance of experts .
the warsaw stock exchange submitted a bid to buy the prague stock exchange
the warsaw stock exchange offered eur 200 million - approximately 5 billion czech korunas - for the 100 % ownership of the prague shares .
ludwik sobolewski , president of the warsaw stock exchange confirmed the bid that has been taken by the polish , in spite of the fact that the czech had previously excluded the warsaw stock exchange from the group of potential owners of the prague shares .
the reason for this is that the warsaw stock exchange is state-owned .
99 percent of the stakes are in the ownership of the polish government , which plans to sell 60 percent of the papers during the next few months .
according to e15 , the czech economic daily newspaper , the polish have submitted the best bid for the prague shares .
on the basis of the information provided by the czech newspapers , offers have been received from the transatlantic exchange nasdaq , the new york stock exchange , the london stock exchange and the deutsche börse .
petr koblic , director of the prague stock exchange declared last week that - among those being interested in the prague shares - the worst option was the warsaw stock exchange , the selection of which would result the cessation of the prague bourse .
the value of the prague stock exchange stakes is estimated 5 to 10 billion korunas by the market experts .
on the basis of the agreement among the shareholders , 90 percent of the stakes could be purchased .
the largest amount of shares is in the hand of the owner of the patria finance investment bank , having approximately 25 percent of the stakes . it is followed by the ceská sporitelna bank with 14.7 percent and tiger holding four s. a.r.l. with 13.5 percent .
about the financial crisis from the view of european newspapers
the leading european newspapers were describing the ever-deepening international financial crisis as &quot; a second september 11th &quot; in their tuesday comments .
the global financial catastrophe is due to the american president - says the rome-based la repubblica blamingly - the president was not even able to have his own party back up the hastily prepared bill which is supposed to find the way out of the depressing situation ...
it is not so much a new pearl harbor , as warren buffett billionaire investor described it , but rather a second september 11th .
some of the madrid press also blame washington for the situation .
in the view of el mundo , the collapse of the world economy is due to the lack of political leadership in the u.s.
the american financial system is at a growing risk of collapse , which will make the whole world suffer .
although bush &apos;s plan was not perfect , now - pursuant to the congressional vote - the threatening risk is if washington does not provide any political tool to handle the crisis .
world economy is hanging in the air - just at the time when one of the biggest transformation of capitalism is taking place .
&quot; the threat cannot be ignored any more &quot; , marks the tages-anzeiger from geneva .
some countries are still able to provide a life-belt for the weakened financial institutions and can save those from bankruptcy by the money of the taxpayers .
however , if further banks collapse , as in a domino-effect , neither the funds nor new improvisations will help .
what we need in the long term is that the members of the european union shall determine themselves to overcome their own national selfishness and centralize the control over the divided financial markets .
&quot; the aid distributed just on monday among the ailing financial institutes was more than 100 billion euros &quot; , recalls the vienna-based der standard , adding that the worries are getting to point out that , just like the americans , the european taxpayers will also have to dig down into their pockets in order to remedy the situation .
the eu has not paid special attention to the crisis so far , which is now sweeping through the old continent as a tsunami .
it is not expected from the &quot; savers &quot; to wave 100 billion euros in their hands right at the beginning but it would be important to determine the situations when the taxpayers &apos; money is necessary to be used in order to prevent a more serious damage .
intelligent car imitates the flying of a bumblebee
what could be a better way to advance the development of crash prevention technology than to mimic nature &apos;s obstacle detectors ?
let &apos;s examine bees , for instance !
in a surprising project that is in progress at ceatec in japan , the bumblebee has given engineers at nissan a strategic hint at how to design the next generation of crash-avoidance systems .
based on joint research with the university of tokyo , nissan has built the br23c-type biomimatic car robot drive . it is a robotic micro-car that recreates bee characteristics with the goal of producing a system that prevents collisions altogether .
&quot; in flight , each bee creates its own oval-shaped personal space , which in fact closely resembles our safety shield &quot; , said kazuhhiro doi brand director of technology , pr , research and development .
the compound structure of bees &apos; eye plays a significant role , which makes the bees able to see in all directions , at an angle of 300 degrees .
in order to recreate the function of a compound eye , the engineers came up with the idea of a laser range finder .
this device detects obstacles up to two meters away within a 180-degree radius in front of the br23c , calculates the distance to them and sends a signal to an on-board microprocessor , which is instantly translated into collision avoidance .
it takes just a fraction of a second to detect an obstacle , and the car robot instantly changes direction mimicking the movements of a bee by turning its wheels at the angle needed to avoid a collision .
one of the main differences from any current system is that the avoidance manoeuvre is totally instinctive .
&quot; if that was not so , then the car robot would not be able to react fast enough to avoid obstacles , &quot; says toshiyuki andoh , manager of nissan &apos;s mobility laboratory and principal engineer of the robot car project .
it must react instinctively and instantly because this technology corresponds to the most vulnerable and inner-most layer of the safety shield , a layer in which a crash is currently considered unavoidable .
the whole process must mirror what a bee does to avoid other bees .
it must happen within the blink of an eye .
but unlike a bee , it cannot deviate upwards or downwards or diagonally , only in two dimensions and only in the direction that the wheels can turn .
so in place of the infinite number of ways a bumblebee can avoid other bees , here only the rotation function , the acceleration and the deceleration have been applied as available means of collision avoidance .
br23c uses lithium-polymer accumulators that are lighter and have a higher energy density , which - compared to the lithium-ion version - assures longer lifetime .
according to andoh , what is important is the intelligent instinctive reaction , not the capability for data processing and storage .
the device is supposed to process only a few inputs per second and react on them accordingly .
there is no need for storing the inputs and reacting by the intuitive logic based on the previous manoeuvring data , so it allocates continuously only a few dozen kilobytes of memory .
there is no need for gigabyte or megabyte size memory .
this is the first step of developing the instant collision avoidance technology that , on the basis of nissan &apos;s estimate , can be built into the series-produced cars within 10 years .
if connecting the device to the gps satellite navigation system , an additional application option can be worked out which can help to avoid road barriers while driving .
a name granted to the expensive child
the written version of the bill on the 700 billion dollar economic bailout package has been drawn up . the draft law , applicable in several instalments , aims to purchase bad banking loans .
in the first round , half of the amount is planned to be spent .
&quot; during the further reconciliations having come to an end on saturday night , east coast time , the congressional leaders managed to agree on the debate of several days , which concerned the 700 billion dollar bailout package &quot; , the reuters confirmed .
&quot; we have taken an important step forward &quot; , declared nancy pelosi , democratic chairwoman of the house of representatives , adding that the only thing needed was to work out the written form of the agreement .
the compromise on the package has been supported by both presidential candidates , barack obama and john mccain as well .
referring to the results of the compromise , henry paulson , secretary of the treasury declared : the programme is going to work well and going to be efficient , but further steps are still to be taken . according to pelosi , it is not about rescuing wall street but to turn the direction of the economy .
the written form of the package has been published at 8 pm on sunday , washington time , at the opening time of the asian markets ( at 2 am in central-europe ) but it did not cause much rising on the stock exchange market .
the draft legislation of the emergency economic stabilization act of 2008 will be put to the vote on monday , first in the house of representatives , secondly in the senate .
president george w. bush talked to pelosi on saturday night , then the news on the agreement was welcomed in the white house as well .
&quot; we are satisfied with what we have reached during the night and we highly appreciate the efforts of the two parties in order to stabilize our financial markets and protect our economy &quot; , declared tony fratto , spokesman of the white house .
the programme differs from the proposal having been first submitted by the bush-administration with the aim of spending the 700 billion dollars on purchasing low quality mortgage-backed securities .
now in the first round a maximum of 50 percent of the usd 700 billion can be used in a way that usd 250 billion shall instantly be spent since the congress is expected to vote on the issue on monday . one part of this amount will be spent on buying low quality mortgage-backed securities . an additional amount of usd 100 billion is still waiting for the president to decide how to be used .
the programme will be supervised by a separate body with the involvement of the chairman of the federal reserve .
on how to spend the rest of the 700 billion dollars will be decided by the congress .
pursuant to the law , the secretary of the treasury is entitled to apply a combined tactic : it can buy bad loans , mortgages , mortgage-backed securities and other types of &quot; poisonous &quot; credits .
the purchase can be realized on auctions or in a direct way , according to the treasury .
the legislation allows the companies concerned to participate in an insurance programme where the worrisome assets will be guaranteed by the treasury and the companies will pay fees equivalent to the expected damages .
henry paulson declared : pursuant to the law , the required assets are provided depending on the situation ; it might be an aid of usd 700 billion urgently needed by the american financial system , due to either the widespread purchase of bad assets , or the insurance of those , or even the prevention of a system risk caused by the collapse of some significant financial institutes .
&quot; we will make the necessary arrangements in order to be ready for the implementation of the law , as soon as it has been signed &quot; , he added .
the directors of the troubled banks waiting for state aid should count on that their severance - which is simply called golden parachute in the overseas slang - will be restricted by the government .
the restriction of payments is introduced in certain cases only , limitations depend on the nature of the support provided by the treasury .
restriction means that in case the treasury purchases on auction , surtax is imposed on the golden parachute , unless the ruined bank director is sent to retirement .
in the course of buying bad loans directly , the government will aggressively intervene in order to ensure that the amounts of managerial money are not exaggerated .
it must be added that the existing golden parachute contracts will not be amended , restriction applies only to the new ones in order to encourage participation in the programme .
&quot; this is the first time in american history that legal restriction will be imposed regarding the remuneration of chief executive officers &quot; , commented house financial service committee chairman barney frank , of the democratic party .
besides , the government will be conferred with the right of holding acquisition , this way taxpayers &apos; risk will reduce , since they might even profit from the issue as soon as both the economy and the rescued bank is recovered .
the bill includes that the president is obliged to submit a proposal to the congress within the next 5 years , which specifies how the expected losses will be returned to the taxpayers from the financial sector .
sceptics gave voice for their doubts regarding the plan on both sides , too .
&quot; this is not what american citizens expect from us , this will not protect taxpayers &apos; dollars &quot; , stated republican representative darrell issa from california .
his democratic colleague , mary kaptur declared the arrangements have been encouraged by the same people who are responsible for the collapse of wall street .
industrial prices keep growing
&quot; industrial domestic sales prices of august 2008 rose by 0.1 percent as compared to the previous month , and by 12.9 percent in comparison with the figures of august 2007 &quot; , ksh informs .
in relation to the data of july 2008 , industrial export sales prices were 1.1 percent higher . when compared to the same period of the previous year , however , the prices decreased by 3.9 percent .
as a result of the domestic and export price changes , industrial producer prices went up by 0.7 percent compared to the previous month and by 3.2 percent in relation to the figures recorded one year earlier .
industrial domestic sales prices showed a growth of only 0.1 percent compared to the previous month .
domestic sales prices of the manufacturing industry increased only by 0.1 percent as well , in comparison to the figures of july .
in august 2008 the biggest price increase was experienced in leather , footwear manufacturing industry ( 2.8 percent ) , due especially to the 4.6 percent price increase in bag and strap production as well as the 2.5 percent monthly price increase in footwear production .
the higher price level of plastic and chemical materials are responsible for a significant monthly growth in the prices of the production of chemical materials and products ( 1.6 percent ) .
the prices decreased in crude oil processing ( 1.4 percent ) , in the production of electric machineries , tools ( 0.9 percent ) as well as - to a minimal extent - in wood processing ( 0.1 percent ) .
the prices of paper production as well as of publishing and printing activities have not changed .
in the other sectors of the manufacturing industry the recorded price increase was between 0.2 percent and 0.9 percent .
the prices in electricity , gas , steam and water supply playing a significant role in the domestic industrial sales , rose by 0.3 percent , due mainly to the widely influencing gas price increase , which had been introduced by the authorities on 1st july .
comparing the figures of the last 12 months - considering the domestic sales of manufacturing sectors - the highest price increase ( 32.4 percent ) was observed in crude oil processing .
in the production of metal processing a price increase of 13.2 percent , in the field of food , beverage , tobacco production 11 percent growth was seen .
prices fell in clothes and textile articles production ( 2.5 percent ) as well as in the production of electric machineries , apparatus ( 0.3 percent ) .
the rate of price growth was observed between 0.6 percent and 9.1 percent in the rest of the manufacturing industries .
prices in the whole manufacturing industry increased by 10.2 percent during the last 12 months .
electricity , gas , steam and water supply prices exceeded the figures of the previous year by 18.7 percent .
considering domestic sales within the sectors of destination , the highest monthly growth rate of august ( 0.7 percent ) was experienced in the sectors producing capital goods .
prices went up by 0.3 percent in the consumer goods industry , while in the energy sector and in the sectors producing for further use no changes have been observed in comparison with the previous month .
in august 2008 the highest price growth took place in the energy sector and in the sectors producing for further use ( 16.8 percent ) .
6.8 percent price increase was seen among the sectors producing consumer goods and 1.4 percent decrease in prices among those dealing with capital goods .
forint-based industrial export sales prices in august rose by 1.1 percent in comparison with the previous month and decreased by 3.9 percent related to the figures of the past twelve months .
our national currency weakened by 1.7 percent to the euro , and by 7.1 percent to the dollar . the forint strengthened by 7.5 percent against the euro , but it strengthened by 15.9 percent against the dollar as of august 2007 .
no visa needed to the us from next year ?
according to kinga göncz , there is a good chance that the american-hungarian agreement on visa exemption will take effect around 12th january , said the foreign minister in chicago , holding a speech before the leaders of the local hungarians .
she added that &quot; everything depends on whether the electronic access control system will be employed overseas in time &quot; .
she called attention to the fact that though there would be no entry permit in the new system , tourists will have to register before travel .
the leader of the hungarian diplomacy is having negotiations in washington from today .
she is meeting secretary of state condoleezza rice to whom she is giving the medal middle cross of the decoration of hungarian republic with the star and holding consultations with the foreign affairs consultants of the presidential candidates barack obama , democratic party and john mccain , republican party .
both barack obama and mccain support the bank rescue package
both barack obama and john mccain , presidential candidates of the two main american parties , confirmed on sunday to back the government &apos;s 700 billion dollar bank rescue package , though there are politicians calling for the treasury secretary to resign .
after several days of marathon negotiations , the congressional and government representatives announced at sunday dawn : they have reached an agreement in principle on the bank rescue package .
wall street crisis and the financial package aiming to render the frozen credit market have become central issues of the presidential campaign .
both obama and mccain seem to act in a way to prove : he is more suitable than his competitor to lead the country out of the economic crisis .
according to the latest surveys , due to the economic issues which have come into the foreground , obama has gained some advantage again , while mccain &apos;s leading position - that he had acquired after the republican convention , by having appointed sarah palin as vice-president - has now melted .
obama expressed his hope at a campaign gathering in detroit regarding the fast congressional approval of the act on the 700 billion dollar package .
he emphasized that the proposal included those consumer protection passages that he had supported , too .
&quot; we must act now , with responsibility ( ... ) people &apos;s jobs , their savings , entire industries , the stabilization of the whole economy are the things that are threatened &quot; , he added in front of a crowd of 35 000 people .
he did not miss the chance to describe mccain &apos;s economic concepts as outdated .
mccain stated in his report given to abc that &quot; this is a situation that will take long for all of us to digest ( ... ) but doing nothing is just cannot be afforded &quot; .
the republican senator declared that the proposal included the need to set up a committee supervising the treasury secretary and to restrict the severance of top leaders , it was him who had insisted on these issues .
obama said to cbs that mccain had played no essential role in the reconciliations , while he had been in daily contact with the secretary .
nancy pelosi , chairwoman of the house of representatives provided the information that the house of representatives was expected to vote on the bill on monday .
news from the german papers
the right wing is untouched , only the voters of the group have become more self-conscious - der spiegel analyses the weak presence of csu in bavaria .
haider and his party are ready to govern austria in order to avoid red-black coalition .
der spiegel ( spiegel.de )
franz walter analyses the causes of the csu &apos;s dramatic defeat in his article the bavarian revolution is eating up its parents , released in the internet publication of the left wing news magazine .
according to the popular political scientist , the erosion of csu had began far before the sad beckstein-huber duo took over the office .
christian socialists were doing reforms in bavaria for long decades - at the present these modern citizens are the ones who turn away .
the beginning of a new era means a problem for all christian democracy , including angela merkel as well .
the defeat did not really surprise csu but a whole process ended on sunday , a process that had been likely to happen in the last 10 years : the cessation of the indisputable hegemony of a state party .
ten years ago , in 1998 csu landed on 47.7 percent , the first time under 50 percent since the fifties .
it happened again 3 years ago , during the bundestag election 2005 , namely in the oft-mentioned stoiber era .
the reason for it was the consistent modernization carried out by csu in the province , which eats up its parents .
sociologists have predicted it for 40 years but concerning its speed they were wrong . nevertheless , secularization , educational results , the settling of germans from the eastern and northern part of the country to the developing regions of bavaria could not remain without consequences on the csu loyalty of the voters .
modernisation comes together with the growth of opportunities and it has its own political consequences .
the right wing is untouched , only the voters of the group have become more self-conscious , critical and wilful .
what is also remarkable is that during the last weeks , mainly classical civil groups were departing from csu ; people of the liberal professions , industrial workers , people with secondary school certificate , people with college or university degree .
csu support here has been diminished to below 40 percent .
die presse ( diepresse.com )
&quot; who , with whom ? party chairmen are reserved considering coalition issues &quot; is the title of the article in which the vienna-based conservative daily newspaper is analyzing the confusing domestic political situation developed after the austrian elections .
spö intends to negotiate with övp .
övp prohibits spö to intervene to its internal issues .
bzö seems open to negotiate in all directions , the greens do not wish to reconcile on coalition yet .
the election has already taken place , now everything is about the coalition ; during the debate organized by the public television , there was hardly any chance to gain insight into the party leaders &apos; cards .
spö chairman werner faymann confirmed his willingness to negotiate with övp .
spö would like to show that the cooperation of the two parties is possible - it does exist in some of the provinces as well as in social partnership .
faymann left the question of a coalition with wilhelm molter as vice-chancellor - currently övp chairman - open .
as he said , the schüssel-molterer course has been rejected .
turning towards this direction again is out of question .
molterer was cautious in handling red offers .
according to him , the cooperation by no means will be successful in case faymann tries to intervene to the internal issues of övp .
whether choosing to remain opposition or entering a coalition is still an open question in the party , this issue has definitely to be discussed within övp .
bzö chairman jörg haider repeatedly seemed to be open to all alternatives .
&quot; in order to prevent a red-black coalition , we are ready to undertake government responsibility &quot; , declared haider .
járóka : the vicious circle of poverty , segregation must be eliminated
the european equality summit has been opened today in paris , which is organized by france this year , representing the presidency-in-office of the european union .
in her message that she addressed to the plenum , lívia járóka of fidesz , representative of the european people &apos;s party called attention for the educational segregation since it is one of the most serious infringement affecting roma children . moreover , this is the largest barrier to their prosperity .
the high level conference has been opened by xavier bertrand , french minister for labor and social affairs and vladimir spidla , european commissioner responsible for employment , social affairs and equal opportunities .
representatives of the governments , the european social partners and the most significant european legal aid organizations and ngos from the field of equal opportunities were invited to have a seat on the conference .
járóka - according to the press office of the fidesz group in the ep - pointed out that , in addition to the discrimination experienced when applying for a job , roma people are segregated from the labour market mainly because of their low educational qualification .
&quot; most of the young roma people do not have a secondary school qualification , and due to the low quality of the basic education only an insignificant part of them can obtain college or university degree &quot; .
járóka also emphasized that education , as a fundamental human right , plays a key role in the enforcement of other human rights .
investing in the early education of roma children can contribute to strengthening the economy of the european union member states .
according to the representative , it is necessary to inform the widest range of people - roma and non-roma people as well - about these interrelationships .
the earlier a young roma student starts attending school , the bigger their chances will be to become a productive member of the labour market ; through the income and the taxes paid by them they would contribute to the national budget .
&quot; on grounds of the citizenship right applied in the european union , the right of quality education must be ensured for roma people and low quality , segregated education must be eliminated &quot; , added lívia járóka .
she also said that in order to instantly accelerate the processes of school desegregation , it is necessary to guarantee an objective- and action-oriented cooperation within the european union . to accomplish this goal , it is fundamental to properly enforce the existing and planned anti-discrimination directives .
&quot; the vicious circle of poverty , segregation , unemployment must be eliminated , roma children must be provided with the opportunities of democratic life so that they could contribute to the future of europe as citizens with full rights &quot; , demanded járóka .
within the framework of the &quot; european year of equal opportunities &quot; , the european equality summit - first organized in berlin last year and since then held on an annual basis - aims to provide a unique forum to promote the objectives of equal opportunities and anti-discrimination at european and member state level as well .
csu : transition grace period
decision about defeated huber-beckstein duo at the end of october
despite ignominious election failure heads have not rolled yet , personal issues are adjourned temporarily at the bavarian csu summits .
president of the party , erwin huber and state prime minister , günther beckstein may still keep their positions , the question is how long grace takes .
the destiny of the tandem which have suffered a catastrophic 17 percent vote loss will be decided by the extraordinary party congress at the last weekend of october .
however , members of the much criticized duo pictured : they do not insist on their seats by all means .
with this they intended to appease the furious members of the fraction and the basis who were claiming personal consequence because of having lost clear majority one day after the &quot; bavarian tsunami &quot; .
five years ago the christian social union - true , lead by edmund stoiber who had been at the top of his career at that time - had obtained 60.7 percent but now , one year after the coup against stoiber , the party could reach 43.4 percent only .
csu had been &quot; absolute ruler &quot; in bavaria presenting 18 percent of german gdp for 46 years .
although conservatives are still considered the most important party in the southern province , which has key role for the hungarian economy , they are definitely forced to form a coalition in the future .
as one of the first signs of restructuring within the party , huber &apos;s potential successor , party vice president and federal agriculture minister horst seehofer becomes member of the small exploratory team beginning investigative negotiations about a possible munich-based government coalition with liberal fdp as well as with free voters representing right-wing values .
irony of fate is that gabriele pauli , whose intervention against stoiber had been misused as a coup opportunity and later was handled roughly by the huber-beckstein duo , becomes member of the legislative assembly from the party list of free voters .
leaders of csu are making efforts on stabilizing beckstein in any way .
stoiber , who was staying in the background until now , will have an active role in the transition time , the ex-state prime minister and former csu president claimed 28th september the darkest day of his political career .
huber made some bitter comments on cdu on monday , according to him csu would have deserved much more support from its fraternal party .
other csu politicians think that the defeat is a warning to both cdu and angela merkel .
after the bundestag election due in september 2009 , merkel cannot be chancellor , unless csu , which was playing significant role in the 2005 national success , is rehabilitated through mutual efforts .
according to the disappointed merkel , the failure of csu will not have a negative impact on the coalition government in berlin .
although it is relative : the wounded csu is not going to be easier to handle and the crisis of the social democrats is going to continue .
spd has achieved its weakest result with 18.6 percent in bavaria since 1946 .
lukashenko-opposition : 110-0
no opposition representative was elected to the belarusian parliament during the sunday &apos;s election .
according to russian observers , the reasons for this are the welfare and stability in the country led by alexander lukashenko , while organization for security and co-operation in europe ( osce ) explains it as vote counting frauds .
osce delegating 450 observers from 43 countries refuses to recognize the election .
although the 100 member legislation of the country of 10 million has been missing opposition for more than a decade , before the election yesterday joined forces of the opposition under the name of united democratic forces ( udf ) had seriously expected that lukashenko , who renewed his presidency for the fourth time during the controversial elections in 2006 after the amendments of the constitution , was going to &quot; allow &quot; presence of some opposition representatives in the parliament this time .
based on this , udf desisted from the formerly considered boycott , too .
the background of the expectations of the opposition was that the economically increasingly russia-dependent belarus - that had raised a loan to reduce the more and more expensive russian gas import and agreed to beltransgas owning gas pipelines crossing the country becoming russian property - wished to improve its relations with the eu , where visa is not granted for lukashenko and for a number of top politicians due to the belarusian political system , which is considered anti-democratic .
the fact that osce when having evaluated the election campaign rather focused on positive changes instead of deficiencies - like banning one third of the opposition candidates from taking part in the elections - indicated détente formerly .
however , oesc &apos;s monday minute sheet raised objections against the campaign during which opposition candidates were practically not allowed to appear in the media and especially opposition not being permitted to be present at the counting of votes .
according to the opposition , improvement is still perceptible in the political system : political prisoners have been discharged and minsk is inclined to confront with moscow in a minor way by still not recognizing south ossetia and abkhazia which have seceded from georgia , although russia - forming a federal state with belarus on paper - has already been considering the two territories independent for a month .
&quot; we have taken two steps ahead and one backwards , but the most important thing is that dialogue between belarus and the eu has started &quot; , told alexander milinkevich to our paper .
according to the opposition candidate of the presidential election of 2006 , this dialogue needs to be maintained in spite of the fact that the &quot; power has got afraid of allowing even one opposition member to enter the parliament of no weight &quot; .
seeing the results , the opposition does not plan protesting actions , rather aims to reach voters with its message about the importance of economic reforms .
&quot; we have much trouble with this of course , we have to print opposition newspapers in russia , distribution is hindered by the local authorities , but i can still see that changes are favoured by more and more people , amongst the old , too &quot; , said milinkevich referring to the fact that lukashenko &apos;s regime , which considers the establishment of the social security as its most important result , is considered inappropriate even by pensioners who are officially most supported class of society of all .
&quot; owing to the indebtedness of the country and the increase of trade deficit , the break-down of social security &apos; similar to dead silence &apos; is a question of time &quot; , milinkevich claimed .
russian observers described the elections as democratic , in contradiction to the opposition politician .
commonwealth of independent states mission leader sergei lebedev told russian news agency , ria novosti : &quot; people believe in actions not words &quot; , so the lack of opposition is nothing else than the evidence of belarusian voters &apos; maturity .
brunetta : &quot; from now on breakfast before work &quot;
it has never happened in all the history of the chigi palace that there were revolving doors at the employee entrance and exit .
but as from today , a new measure starts against crafty skivers , against those who clock in and then go to the bar for a coffee during working hours .
the novel anti-slackers measure has been presented today by the public administration minister , renato brunetta , and by the secretary general of the office of the president of the council , mauro masi .
&quot; the revolving doors – says brunetta – are a tool for working better , with a higher productivity , higher presence and more services &quot; specifies the minister .
&quot; now a new season of responsibility and transparency opens .
this is reformism &quot; , underlines again brunetta .
with the chigi palace , the installation in all the buildings of the office of the president of the council is complete .
for masi &quot; the choice of revolving doors is also important from a symbolic viewpoint &quot; .
there has been no opposition from the employees , assures the secretary general : &quot; it has been a process shared by the workers and everybody collaborated &quot; .
to conclude , no more breakfast during working hours ; no more coffee and croissant .
a word from brunetta , who suggests , smiling , &quot; a good cappuccino at seven is blessed &quot; .
during a convention at the high school of public administration
of rome , the minister , afterwards , makes known that &quot; in three months the absences , by public employees , due to sickness have reduced by 50 % , that is 60 thousand more people at work in a year &quot; .
and adds that it is necessary to make public administration more efficient .
italians , &quot; whose wage dynamics – explains the minister – in the last 8 – 10 years have been double with respect to the private sector and far above the inflation rate &quot; .
meantime thousands of public employees have united to challenge the provisions set by the brunetta decree adhering to the petition supported by codacons .
&quot; while the minister for civil service today parades the figures regarding the reduced absenteeism at work due to sickness – the consumers &apos; association writes – the population of ‘ the industrious skivers &apos; is continuously increasing .
in fact , in italy there are thousands of honest and productive public administration employees that have united to declare war on the illegitimate provisions within the decree &quot; .
in particular , at the tar the exclusion of additional economic benefits for infirmity incurred during work will be contested ; the extension of the hours that a sick employee has to make himself available for control medical visits , and other aspects within the new provisions insisted on by the minister .
accidents at work , napolitano : &quot; prevention is crucial &quot;
everyday , in italy , at work 2500 accidents occur , 3 persons die and 27 remain permanently invalid .
for 2007 , inail data confirm that in fact work related deaths have been around 1200 .
figures that witness the gravity of a phenomenon that remains one of the principal causes of death and causes almost double the deaths with respect to homicide .
to recall the attention of institutions , social forces and information media to this dramatic issue , today anmil is celebrating in all the italian provinces the 58th national day for casualties of accidents at work , institutionalised onto the second sunday of october .
&quot; the worrying data diffused by anmil and the very same tragic current news confirm how crucial the issue of prevention at the workplace is &quot; , declares the president of the republic giorgio napolitano , in his message to the president of anmil , national association of the mutilated and invalids at work , pietro mercandelli .
the head of the state expresses his &quot; deep appreciation of the constant associative efforts for prevention at the workplace , caring for injured workers , assistance of the casualties &apos; families , and the sensitization of public opinion &quot; .
&quot; naturally , an indignant ‘ enough &apos; has been raised , sincerely shared in front of tragedies that , due to their size , provoke an outcry by the media and the involvement of public opinion but everyday reality proposes dramatic cases , whose dynamics are even repetitive &quot; .
napolitano does not conceal that &quot; undoubtedly there &apos;s also a resources problem : it &apos;s important to invest in training and information .
a particular significance is assumed by the numerous initiatives promoted within the schools in raising awareness of the younger generation that face the work market .
it &apos;s a duty to keep alive the awareness of the phenomenon , not give up to its serious social alarm , apply and improve the legislative provisions .
on his part the president of the chamber gianfranco fini has underlined &quot; as the phenomenon of accidental deaths constitutes an absolute social emergency , that offends the conscience of each and every one of us and imposes on all the institutions a decisive obligation towards urgently ending it &quot; .
&quot; data regarding injuries at the workplace seem to signal a small positive trend , but this does not take away the fact that the number of accidental deaths is in any case impressive &quot; , remarked the president of anmil pietro mercandelli .
&quot; we do not want , in fact , that this ‘ downturn trend &apos; is translated into a reduced alertness , because it is just when the attention is reduced that tragedy explodes .
&quot; we believe that at a general level little is being done to oppose the phenomenon of industrial injury and the fight could be carried on through multiple actions .
it is necessary , in our opinion , - underlined mercandelli – to have more controls and inspections , but also a stronger intervention on the worker training , and this should start at school &quot; .
&quot; a greater effort is required – he added – with regards to the communication and sensitization of public opinion .
but , above all , a greater sense of responsibility is required on behalf of employers in respect of a phenomenon that represents a social emergency &quot; .
mercandelli then denounced &quot; the progressive deterioration of the level of care benefit provided for casualties at work &quot; and the &quot; welfare drift which the system is taking in the last few years &quot; .
&quot; hence , the objective is to restore to the worker the insurance guarantee – he added – so that the fate of those who are injured does not have to depend on spontaneous political actions or grants which are from time to time set out by legislators &quot; .
mp3 players under accusation , they put hearing at risk
listening to music at high volume for a prolonged period of time using portable musical devices such as mp3 players could cause permanent lesions to hearing .
this is what a european commission reports , which in a communication released in brussels cites the advice given by the scientific committee on emerging and newly identified health risks ( scenihr ) of the eu , published today .
&quot; from this scientific advice – the note reads – emerges that 5- 10 % of those that , for a period of at least 5 years , listen to music using portable musical players weekly for more than an hour a day with the device at high volume risk a permanent loss of hearing ability &quot; .
&quot; it worries me that such a large number of young people who frequently use portable musical players and cellular phones at very high volume may unconsciously damage their hearing in an irreparable way &quot; , declares meglena kuneva .
&quot; from the scientific findings – carries on the eu spokesperson – a clear risk emerges and we have to react rapidly .
what counts most , we need to sensitize consumers and make this information available to the public .
besides , in light of this scientific advice , we have to re-examine existent control systems to make sure that they are completely effective and kept up to date with new technology &quot; .
brussels had asked the independent scientific committee to examine the problem , seeing the widespread use of portable musical players and the increase in the number of young people exposed to the noise they generate .
&quot; scientists – concludes the eu executive – confirm that there are reasons for concern and the european commission will now examine , together with member states and other interested parties , what measures can be taken to better protect children and young people from exposure to noise coming portable musical players and related equipment &quot; .
currently , a european security provision already exists which limits the noise level of portable musical players to 100 db , but concerns regarding hearing damage caused by an excessive exposure to such noise sources , are increasing .
it is possible to considerably limit the damage by resorting to solutions such as the reduction of level and duration of the noise exposure .
in its opinion , the eu scientific committee points out that if users of portable musical players listen to music at high volume ( &gt; 89 db ) for only 5 hours per week , they are already over the permissible maximum noise limits currently in place for the workplace .
people who listen to music under such conditions for longer durations risk a permanent loss of hearing ability after a 5 year period .
this is the case for 5-10 % of users of such devices and their number can be quantified to between 2.5 and 10 million people within the eu .
rome , alemanno gives the go ahead to the commission for the future of the capital
today it starts , in march it concludes , in june the conclusions are drawn .
this is the schedule set by the campidoglio for the &quot; commission for the future of the capital &quot; , which has this morning taken up residence at its new premises behind the caracalla hot springs .
in six months , the president antonio marzano and the other 49 components of the commission will set down the guidelines for rome .
once the project has been concluded in march , the municipal board and council will evaluate the analysis and projects , so that in june the strategic plan for rome can be presented with the official stamp of the campidoglio and the mayor gianni alemanno .
&quot; the commission is absolutely independent and all political opinions , social , and cultural are represented – underlines alemanno – it should make proposals for a development plan of rome on which the political executives , which are always the municipal board and council , can rely .
there is no superposition of roles but only the will to have a place where a big project for rome can be drawn up .
in march its job will be done and it will dissolve , because this experiment should have a precise deadline .
in june – the mayor announces – we will present the strategic plan using the work done by the commission for the future of rome capital &quot; .
for those who accuse the commission of being useless , since its opinions will not be binding , alemanno replies : &quot; everything depends on the work that the commission will be able to do and the quality of its proposals .
if the quality is there , as in france with the attali commission and as i &apos;m sure there will be in rome , then its contribution will be fundamental .
too often politics are overwhelmed by everyday administration and by emergencies that manifest themselves from time to time .
on the contrary , we want to look further forwards and further ahead , with a deeper perspective , working seriously on the development of rome and its future .
furthermore , the mayor of rome would like to point out that &quot; this commission is neither a useless agency nor an unwieldy bureaucratic organisation : it &apos;s absolutely free , it will not cost the citizens of rome a cent and it will serve to get reasoning and get involved the best minds that the capital has to offer &quot; .
for alemanno , in fact , &quot; it &apos;s essential to have a strategic reference plan , not closed or inflexible , to permit our city to do an authentic leap in quality , which it really needs , thinking with a united spirit of its future .
a future that , specifies the mayor of rome &quot; will not limit itself to the current municipal borders but will look further afield &quot; not only with the view of a future metropolitan city and its legal status as capital but &quot; also with consideration to the role that rome could and must perform as capital of europe and the mediterranean &quot; .
obama ? the first anti-american president . here is why ?
a famous american politician , who would like to pass off as independent , wrote : barack obama will be the second anti-american president .
the first was jimmy carter , who with his decisions decimated the us economy and had dealings ( as he still does today as a private citizen ) with the enemy islam &quot; .
attacks on obama increase right as the election date nears .
a lady from miami has written on the web : &quot; this person is full of ambitions .
obama is being cheeky : he thinks he can win the highest position in a country which has had in total two governors and five senators that were black ! &quot; .
in reality , these are attacks that don &apos;t mean a lot : they are clearly racial attacks and do not answer the electors &apos; question : will he be a good president ? and then there are the polls ; all of them say that obama will win and by a wide margin .
even in this case there are those who speak from the heart and not from the head .
a mississippi newspaper , deep in the south of the united states , wrote an editorial : once inside the voting cabin we know well enough to whom the american patriot will give his vote .
a side of the united states mentality that has been kept under wraps to the last , emerges .
&quot; say whatever you like , afterwards we &apos;ll take care of where to put the cross , for obama or for mccain &quot; .
there are people who swear : if obama wins , we will go away from america .
things that have never been said before now , when the success of the black candidate is almost certain .
however , in spite of all these arguments , the winning trump for the democrats is george bush .
1500 people have been asked what have been the errors committed by bush during his mandate ? 89 per cent have answered : iraq .
america changes .
in vietnam this nation lost 50 thousand soldiers and was sent home with its tail between its legs .
in iraq 4500 soldiers have lost their lives and the americans have not been forced to pack up and leave .
yet , for the majority iraq has been the weak point of bush .
whoever takes up the place of george w. will have an enormous task to do .
usa , the economic depression is being felt also by the journalists : in the newspapers it is time for cuts . and many blame the internet , &quot; killer &quot; of the printed paper .
five hundred american journalists have been asked by pew research centre what they think of the state of their profession and mental control as regards to the future .
well , nowadays journalists are almost all of them pessimistic regarding their future .
yet , to the information clerks , they have not openly declared to be less worried with respect to credibility .
they don &apos;t feel as isolated as they used to .
the problem for american journalists is the money , the money .
the 2008 crisis for these journalists is a crisis of a destroyed economic model .
furthermore the cuts carried out in the newsroom , the office where editors work to assemble the newspaper , are a big problem .
it &apos;s a problem that needs to be resolved , according to the journalists interviewed , if we do not want that traditional journalism as it is understood by the general public is substantially diminished .
a clear but complex pessimism nowadays pervades american journalists .
six out of ten journalists of the printed press and senior executives are convinced that journalism at a national level is going down the wrong road .
within the local field the executive group is 65 % .
printed against broadcast .
it &apos;s not difficult for journalists to see where the web is going .
the major publishing houses are opening a passage for themselves towards the internet , by many seen as the &quot; assassin &quot; of the printed paper .
the &quot; economic pressure &quot; that journalists have felt has increased up to 79 % .
the 500 journalists interviewed have admitted that they are embracing technology hoping that it &quot; will do some good &quot; for their journalism .
the biggest rift in american journalism nowadays is between those who manage the newsrooms – that is the directors – and the reporters who work for them .
56 % of managers at national level are certain that their reporters share their values , whilst at local level the percentage decreases to 23 % .
for some this has got to do with &quot; job security &quot; .
on a national level , 43 % of the managers believe they will lose their jobs within 3 years .
for journalists the figure is 30 % .
as for &quot; job security &quot; at staff level ( our editors , ndr ) in america it varies on a day to day basis .
only 13 % of journalists have a work contract .
in an immense nation such as the usa , with 300 million inhabitants and thousands of journals , magazines , radio , tv , and internet employers offer whatever they want and hence it becomes a question of take it or leave it .
directors almost always receive huge salaries , while an editor may earn 10 thousand dollars a month , in addition to the pension and paid insurances .
as for holiday , things get complicated : so many days the first year , so many days after the third to get to a total of 15 days after a certain number of years .
but american journalists , by their own admission , fall frequently &quot; ill &quot; during the year .
it &apos;s all a question of climate .
unipol : rome tribunal , danilo coppola stays at grottaferrata
the president of the second penal section of the rome tribunal , carmelo rinaudo , has decided to reject the petition made by the estate agent , danilo coppola that had requested to be able to move from his home town , grottaferrata , to an abode in rome .
coppola is under investigation for bankruptcy within the scope of the inquiry on the counter-proposal regarding the unipol-bnl takeover .
while on trial , last week , he obtained the release from house arrest transformed into an obligation to remain resident in grottaferrata .
his lawyers , michele gentiloni and gaetano pecorella , had asked that the estate agent could travel from the country town within the province to an abode within the capital .
according to the tribunal , however , these trips ( against which the pm has advised ) would allow him to influence his company and to have access to the evidence that is used to charge him .
the elite in danger
the phenomenon had already manifested itself a couple of days back with the vote in the chamber of representatives against the rescue plan of 700 billion american dollars passed by the white house : a significant portion of americans was , and still is , more interested in punishing wall street than in saving the economy .
a confirmation was given by yesterday &apos;s new york times when it reported that the current crisis is causing a split within the republican party , ever more divided between its old east coast soul , moderate , in favour of federal institutions and the business community , and its new soul , instead conservative , hostile to &quot; those in washington » and to the financial world , especially strong within the central and southern states .
the soul , to be exact , which has made itself overbearingly alive with the vote mentioned initially .
the latter is but only one example of the changes , of the big changes , that the current economic earthquake perhaps heralds or allows to be perceived : not only in the united states but also in all the west and maybe not only here .
both in the usa as in europe the crisis seems to act as a catalyst for phenomena which have been in incubation for some time and which in the new climate have solidified and are finally coming to light .
the first of these phenomena is the bringing back up-to-date , the extraordinary re-launch , of the twin category state-sovereignty in relation to a sort of re-nationalisation of the economy .
the crisis , in fact , is a crisis for the financial-banking institutions who have , indeed , strong ties with foreign countries , but which above all deal with the budgets of persons or families who live in a single nation , in a single state .
this immediately creates a political problem for whoever is in government : and that is how to respond to the difficulties and the protests of those people and those families that , besides , also form the electorate .
in other words the crisis appears to be economically worldwide but politically it is almost exclusively a national problem .
political internationalism appears to be substantially out of play or to not have a lot to say : the clear proof of this is given by the european union that , divided as usual between the various interests and the diverse state strategies , cannot decide on a common political path .
and so it is from the government of each single state that all wait for intervention , bailout and re-launching plans , new rules , and especially financial aid : since that when it comes to worst it is only the states that have financial resources , the mass of financial resources capable to try and fix things .
and they possess likewise the necessary means , and the legitimate reasons to use them : two resources of incommensurable value , under certain circumstances , of which probably no market and no international organisation could ever dispose of in an analogous measure .
this new emphasis that the crisis poses on the statal-national element is after all perfectly tuned with the ever increasing importance that the latest economic developments tend to attribute to a coefficient that is very closely connected to that element : territoriality .
paradoxically , in fact , while we were convinced that we had entered the reign of the web , of a technology increasingly more sophisticated , of the immaterial , while we were convinced that globalised finance was by now destined to dominate the world , we became suddenly aware that our future had instead to deal in an ever increasing fashion with those things that are very little immaterial such as water , harvests , oil .
accidentally , all are items that can certainly be transported from one place to another but in any case are tied in an absolute fashion to a well defined space , to a territory .
so that whoever finds himself to be the sovereign , surely holds more cards in his deck than he who isn &apos;t , than he who happens to live in a place without crops , oil , or water .
i &apos;m getting to the second novelty that however predicts a split .
whoever says territory , state , government , inevitably implies politics , and hence leadership .
in this respect the economic crisis seems to produce two convergent phenomena .
on the one hand the knowledge of the objective need for authoritative leadership , the demand for somebody who knows how to handle the situation .
on the other hand a wave of discredit for existent leadership , an economic sort , revealed to be so inadequate and full of grey areas .
and together something ever deeper and in a certain way disturbing : a discredit , an intolerance , an image of inadequacy , a sense of remoteness that tends to involve the entire ruling class of an ever-increasing number of western countries .
rather , it appears to make its way further in vast sections of the population the conviction which before that their actions are the same ideas as of the social elite up till now in favour , their way of feeling and being , their culture in all accepted meanings of the word , to have had their day , and to always be more alien to the opinion of the majority .
in other words , the call for leadership feeds underhandedly a branched but powerful movement of delegitimization of the managerial class and of the traditional political structures , that manifest itself in the sudden electoral &quot; revolts » or abrupt twists in the collective moods in these last and latest times , from the conservative rise in austria – bavaria to the collapse of the labour consensus in great britain , to the rebellion of the american congressmen against bush ( and perhaps even the victory of the right in italy has something to do with it ) .
one gets the impression that the traditional elite , their parties , their programmes , but also their rites , their newspapers , their accredited intellectuals , some would say their formats , are finding it always more difficult to comprehend , and hence to represent , that which has been taking shape within the deepest layers of western societies and which the economic crisis is strengthening , augmenting , potentially agitating without restraint .
in face of all this , talking about a &quot; rebellion of the masses » as being the order of the day may be frankly exaggerated .
but keeping one &apos;s eyes wide open , it is not for sure .
superglue to be able to walk on walls
to defeat the laws of gravity thanks to a super glue and in the future be able to walk up walls like spiderman .
it &apos;s the aim of various american research centres and now a team of four institutes has come very close .
with an adhesive of only 2.5 cm squared the scientists have succeeded in gluing a body of 100 kilograms onto a vertical wall .
studying – the american magazine science has published the findings of some researchers at the university of dayton , akron , of the georgia institute of technology , and of the air force research laboratory .
the material invented by the team of scientists is an improvement on existent materials that utilise a particular carbon structure , called carbon nanotubes .
« the principle behind the glue could be imagined as being like a series of tubes arranged like a pile of spaghetti » explains zhong lin wang of the georgia institute of technology in atlanta .
the scientists were inspired by the paws of geckoes , covered with microscopic bristles which succeed in assuring a perfect adhesion to the animal .
the tests conducted on various materials such as glass , teflon , and sandpaper have demonstrated that the new adhesive is ten times stronger than the paws of this reptile and at the same time &quot; comes off from walls easier » explains liming dai , researcher at the engineering faculty of the university of dayton .
walk on walls ? - &quot; this material could be useful as a temporary glue » adds liming dai .
perhaps for walking on walls just like spiderman ? maybe yes , but the researchers are thinking of a less glamorous use such as the connections between electrical devices , because the carbon nanotubes are conductors of heat and of electrical current .
other applications could be within the aerospace industry .
for now , no superheroes .
other research – even berkeley university , in california , is dedicating itself to the research of a new adhesive .
in an article in the journal of the american chemical society the californian scientists have presented an adhesive composed of microfibers like hair that self-clean from the dust during movement on a surface to always maintain a perfect adhesion .
drugs : never with fruit juices .
be careful of grapefruit juice , orange juice , and apple juice .
these drinks , especially consumed in summer because they are thirst quenching and rich in vitamins , if taken together with some lifesaving drugs may alter their absorption , amplifying or diminishing , depending on the case , their efficiency with consequences that may also be serious for health .
confirming the risks associated with the assumption of fruit juices whether they are pre-packaged or fresh with certain medicines is david bailey , professor at the university of western ontario in london , who from the 236th national meeting of the american chemical society underway in philadelphia launches a new warning : a glass of grapefruit juice , orange juice , or apple juice is enough to reduce the absorption of certain lifesaving drugs , nullifying their beneficial effects and putting at risk the health of patients .
grapefruit juice has already been accused because it was thought to be responsible for raising , up to levels thought to be toxic , the effects of some antirhythmic , antibiotic , tranquilising , antihistaminic , and neurological medicines .
drugs at risk – the very same italian drug agency had given the same advice in an information bill two years ago , alerting doctors and patients to not underestimate the dangers deriving from this mix and to pay attention as to what is drunk in cases when drugs are taken such as for example diazepam or methadone .
not only grapefruit juice – according to experts even orange juice and apple juice contain substances that inhibit drugs .
the list of active principles inhibited by grapefruit and other fruit juices is very long .
hence the appeal of michele carruba , director of the department of pharmacology of the state university of milan : &quot; usually , such discoveries are immediately brought to the attention of the various international and national drug agencies that then change the information slips of medicines .
therefore , always read the explanatory notes of the medicines taken and if there is something that is not clear , do not be afraid to ask the doctor or chemist for clarifications » emphasised the expert from the ansa agency .
the nobel prize for economy to paul krugman
the nobel prize for economy goes to the american paul krugman for his studies on market models and on the localisation of economic activities .
55 year old krugman is a neo-keynesian that teaches at princeton university and he is a well-known leader writer of the new york times .
krugman is one of the major critics of the choices made in economy and foreign policy made by the bush administration .
a few months after the attacks of september 2001 , in the days when enron was going bankrupt , krugman had forecasted in an editorial published on the new york times that the second incident would have been more determining than the first , in terms of its consequences on the history of the united states .
a prediction that started a fair number of disputes and that for years had been thrown in the economist &apos;s face , but has now been revealed to have been exact .
« i am surprised and also a bit annoyed by the speed with which recollections of scandals such as the collapse of enron or worldcom have disappeared from public attention » , declared krugman towards the end of 2002 .
according to lorenzo bini smaghi , of the executive committee of the european central bank , krugman is an &quot; economist of great value » , but also an orator with a &quot; very aggressive style , particularly critical of the excesses in liberalism of the bush administration » .
open office , here is the third edition of the &quot; anti-microsoft » package .
today sees the release of openoffice.org 3.0 , the open source personal productivity suite which aims at gaining more users , from domestic to home users , from professionals to public administration , as a free alternative for the better known microsoft office .
after a effort lasting for almost a year on behalf of volunteer developers , with sun microsystem supervising at their backs , the new open office is revealed to the general public with various novelties : to the welcome screen and to a revisited , less spartan user interface , are added others more substantial such as native compatibility with the apple mac os x operating system and support for the new format odf ( open document format ) 1.2 , the latest iso version standard .
attention was also placed on interoperability with the office 2007 suite , open office is capable of opening documents with the new microsoft extension ( .docx , .xlsx , .pptx ) .
interesting are some functions specific to some modules such as the one that allows for the reduction in size of powerpoint presentations , useful for example for sending them via email , or the possibility of importing a pdf file into the graphics module , maintaining the original appearance of the page .
always on the same track , it is possible to create &quot; hybrid pdf &quot; documents , that join the standard graphics of the adobe format with the elements of a spreadsheet or a word processor .
collaboration is one of the features within the applications that has been considerably improved : in the spreadsheet application several users can operate simultaneously , avoiding conflicts on the modifications , in the word processor , each users is assigned a commenting colour to improve recognition during revision .
some companies are also working on porting some of the functionalities of openoffice onto the web ( on the cloud ) , and during the next few weeks they should release the definitive product .
the italian version is available for download at the address http : / / it.openoffice.org / download / 3.0.0 / download300.html and is added to the english version which has been available on mirror sites since friday .
besides for windows and mac os , as usual the suite is also available for the linux operating system .
on request the installation cd can be sent to your home or workplace .
and if the gimmick of free could be a driving force for the diffusion into houses , it is in the business setting that open office is trying the big bet since it can already count on several projects realised within the public administration and schools .
and there are even institutions that offer training services , consultancy , and assistance , ideal small to medium enterprises , which could create more business opportunities .
open office is composed of five main modules : writer , for onscreen typing corresponding to word ; calc , the spreadsheet application aiming at substituting excel ; impress , for presentations in emulation of powerpoint ; dbase , as in the case of the more famous access is the application that consents working on databases ; draw , is the graphic module .
the aim for 2008 is to achieve 5 million downloads , and considering that up till today we are at almost 3 million 600 thousand , with the release of the new version it is probable that the predicted figure could even be exceeded .
even kohl tested positive , it is the fourth case of doping
a new case of positive testing during the last tour de france : it is the austrian bernhard kohl , of the team gerolsteiner , third in classification and winner of the best grimpeur shirt .
reporting the news is the daily newspaper l &apos;equipe .
the 26 year old kohl is the fourth cyclist tested positive to cera , the third generation epo , after the italians riccardo riccò and leonardo piepoli , and the german stefan schumacher , also from the gerolsteiner team .
the analysis of the blood samples from kohl form part of those performed within the last few weeks by the laboratories of losanna and chatenay-malabry .
if the counter-analysis confirm the tests as positive to cera , the austrian will lose the third place at the tour and faces the two-year canonical disqualification .
confirming the news of kohl testing positive to the third generation epo is the french anti-doping agency &apos;s chief , pierre bordry who informed the associated press that he had notified the austrian authorities of the positive test results .
the 26 year old austrian had placed himself on the finalist podium behind the spanish carlos sastre and the american cadel evans , also winning the polka-dotted shirt of the best grimpeur .
immigrants : new york is wondering , is italy racist ?
italy &quot; from a country of emigrants has recently been transformed into a privileged destination for immigrants &quot; reluctantly received .
is this transforming the ‘ belpaese &apos; into a nation of racists ? this is what is being questioned in a long article in the new york times , which has dedicated a lengthy article to the debate on the theme of racism in italy starting from the case of the young abdul william guibre originally from burkina faso killed last month in milan for having stolen a box of biscuits .
this case proves what the new york times calls the &quot; northern paradox &quot; : the northern regions are simultaneously the areas where there is &quot; most integration and most work &quot; but also where there is &quot; the highest anti-immigrant feelings in the country and the highest support for the northern league &quot; .
as a confirmation of the increasing tension between italians and immigrants the nyt has also cited the incidents of intolerance in milan , parma , rome , ciampino , and castel volturno .
not only .
even the new legislation from the league that tightens the brakes on immigration and facilitates the expulsion of illegal immigrants is advanced as a paradigm of the change in climate in italy .
a trend that has been highlighted by the pope as well as by the president of the republic &quot; giorgio napolitano who meeting benedict xvi at the quirinal has asked that the state and the church work together to defeat racism &quot; .
students victims of high rents up to 900 euro for a room
the rent market for university students does not know crises .
according to the latest investigation by sunia , the tenants &apos; syndicate , renting a single room could cost a student up to 900 euro in milan , 700 in florence , 650 in naples , 600 in rome .
&quot; the phenomenon has now assumed a very serious trend ; up to the point that entire bands of young people are excluded from the right to study due to the high cost of living which their families would have to sustain – explains the executive from the research office of sunia , laura mariani – in these cities the strong demand by the students has distorted the market so much as to start a process of general increase in rent even for residents &quot; .
in the majority of cases the rent-offers contain a series of violations : freestyle contracts , unregistered , without rent limits , connected subleases .
according to sunia special intervention is necessary that , through a revision of the taxes imposed , the prices could be cooled down .
looking at the details of the investigation , one can see that in milan , for a bed-space in the brianza zone , 450 euro are required ; for a single room one goes from a minimum of 650 ( black band zone ) , to an average price of 800 ( lambiate zone , udine and fiera ) , and on to a maximum of 900 ( victoria zone ) .
in florence a bed-space costs on average 350 / 400 euro , a room approximately 700 .
in bologna , where the students concentrate themselves in the areas closest to the university , 250 / 280 euro are required for a bed-space in a double room , and from 370 to 500 for a single .
in rome in the zone near the central universities ( san lorenzo , piazza bologna ) approximately 600 euro is the asking price for a single room , 450 euro for a bed-space in a double room .
slightly lower prices ( 550 euro for a single room ) in areas close to the other universities ( ostiense and cinecittà ) .
savings are only possible by moving to the suburbs : 300 euro for a bed-space and 450 for a single in areas such as prenestrina , centocelle and similar places .
in naples 300 / 450 euro are required for a bed-space , for a single room one spends 400 to 600 euro , with the highest prices found in the policlinico , vomero , and colli aminei areas .
in bari for a bed-space 250 / 350 euro are required , at least 350 for a single .
in smaller cities the prices are lower in absolute terms , but they have a higher impact on the local economy .
in cities where renting to non-eu students is a more frequent phenomenon , such as perugia , there is a further anomaly : the increase of about 25 / 30 % of the rent price asked from foreign students with respect to that asked from italian students .
goodbye old cinema paradiso , cities cancel historical theatres
historical cinematographic theatres close in favour of multiplex .
&quot; a city without cinematographic theatres is a blind city , it &apos;s like a face without eyes &quot; .
the image offered by the director giuseppe tornatore efficaciously photographs what is happening not only in the large italian urban centres but also in provincial towns .
the sidelining process of the cinemas , with the birth in the outskirts of large multi-hall theatres and the consequent death by consumption of the single-hall theatres within the central areas of the city , is one of those events that appears unavoidable and incontrovertible and also has all the characteristics of a real cultural crime .
frequently , it is historical places which are full of memories that disappear , &quot; it is as if a friend is lost , an acquaintance with whom we have shared the way and many memories » , observes the director of new cinema paradise , the film that twenty years ago gave tornatore the oscar and the grand prize of the jury of cannes , and which narrated the poem of a provincial hall and the nostalgia for a way of living the cinema which , perhaps , has been lost forever .
the numbers provided by anec , the main cinema-operators association , speak clearly : within the last five years 316 traditional style cinemas have closed shop , and the ones to pay the price were above all the theatres in the principal cities : 10 less in florence , 9 in milan , naples , bologna , and rome , 6 less in turin , 5 in palermo .
among the regions most badly hit by the closures , emilia-romagna takes the lead with 82 single-hall cinemas lost , followed by tuscany ( 44 ) , and by lombardy ( 41 ) .
and to demonstrate that the arrival of the multiplex is the most responsible for their disappearance , these are exactly the three italian regions with the largest number of new multiplex cinemas registered : 195 more screens in lombardy in the last five years , 81 in both tuscany and emilia-romagna .
« the italian business has developed in an irrational way » observes paolo protti , anec &apos;s president , &quot; it &apos;s useful that new structures are built but it &apos;s also essential that the survival of existing ones is guaranteed , because once a theatre in a city closes , not all its patrons may be inclined to transfer to the multiplexes .
not to mention the missed allocation of funds in favour of operators : the previous debit by the state is of approximately 10 million euro .
it &apos;s disgraceful , from the ethical and from the moral point of view , that the government does not respect the existent laws .
to sustain the sector between 16 and 18 million euro a year are required » .
an interesting example is that of bologna , the first italian city that , concerned by the closures , has decided to take cover by signing a protocol between the municipality and anec , the first of its kind in italy , to protect and promote single-hall cinemas both in the historical centre as well as on the outskirts .
among the foreseen provisions there are tax relief measures in favour of operators and advantages for the public in terms of mobility : the spectators can enter in the traffic-limited zone and have special tariffs for road parking and in some car parks .
« it &apos;s an initiative which i like » observes giuseppe tornatore &quot; and hopes that other cities follow the example of bologna by putting in action other measures .
it &apos;s certain though , that to contrast the excessive power of the multiplex , traditional theatres have also to improve the sound and image quality , because the public nowadays is more demanding .
the defence of traditional cinemas is a theme that for me has always been important : the closure of the bagheria supercinema , the place of my infancy and adolescence , was the spark that convinced me to create &quot; new cinema paradiso &quot; , on which i have already been thinking for the last 10 years .
i have been living in rome for 25 years , and when i pass in front of the rialto or the quirinal in national street both closed by now , there where i have experienced many shared emotions , i turn away so as not to see the posters blackened by the dust » .
ties between politics and ‘ ndrangheta arrested the mayor of gioia tauro
&quot; the mayor of gioia tauro was disposed towards conforming municipal interests with those of the piromalli gang &quot; .
the accusations that the magistrates of the calabrese anti-mafia office direct against the mayor and the deputy mayor of gioia tauro giorgio dal torrione and rosario schiavone , and the mayor of rosarno carlo martelli , who have been arrested this morning for external contest with mafia association , are very serious .
also arrested is gioacchino piromalli , the senior mediator between the clan and the public administration offices , and his nephew - a lawyer , namesake of the boss , already condemned for mafia-style criminal association , condemned to repay 10 million euro .
&quot; in contempt of all judicial and moral rules , and common sense &quot; , write the public prosecutors , the two local administrations had expressed the will to pay consultancy fees to the lawyer piromalli .
&quot; in this way , it was allowed for the gang – the judges write – to officially penetrate inside the municipality easing the already vast possibilities of controlling and directing the public administration &quot; .
the president of the calabrese local council agazio loiero does not hide that &quot; collusions between local institutions and organised crime are numerous &quot; within his region : &quot; there are areas where mafia presence is stronger and more intense than in others , where collusion is almost inevitable .
however , there are many local politicians who resist the pressure put on by the &apos; ndrangheta , heroes who remain clean &quot; .
this morning &apos;s arrests follow those in july with which the police announced to have beheaded the piromalli gang .
at the end of last april , the municipal council of gioia tauro was dissolved but already in 1991 , and always for presumed conditioning between organised crime and local administration , local politicians had been relieved from duties of administration of the municipality .
giorgio dal torrione , the mayor of udc at the time of the dissolution , had been elected head of a centre-right coalition , after the may 2006 ballot .
he made a scandal out of it when the prefecture ordered the dissolution of the municipal council .
he brought in cause the then vice-minister of the interior marco minniti accusing him of having plotted everything for political motives , however the judges , in the arrest warrant signed this morning , have explained that the piromalli gang had even arrived at asking for the variation of the a3 project .
from the interceptions ordered on dal torrione , writes the public prosecution , has emerged &quot; a willingness to marry the needs of an entrepreneur , representative of a larger group notoriously close to the piromalli , aligning the choices of the public administration with the interests of the gang &quot; .
when energy is born from the waves the big come into play
it &apos;s an immense body , that occupies 70 % of the planet &apos;s surface and now the big , international energy companies are discovering it .
waves , currents , tides are the new renewable sources being eyed , and subjected to attempts of development , by colossi such as chevron .
the possibility of extracting energy from sea movement has been under study for a hundred years and in the 70 &apos;s , coinciding with the first oil crisis , research was intensified .
when the oil prices went down , around 1980 , the idea of exploiting marine energy was put aside , but now the appeals by the environmentalists and the new increases in oil prices have given impetus to the sector .
the world energy council ( wec ) in london has estimated that in 2007 15 percent of the world &apos;s electrical needs could be provided for by the exploitation of the seas &apos; undulating motion .
this amount would be double that currently produced by nuclear power stations .
and then there would be the currents and the tides .
colossi on the attack .
the first company to bet on marine energy was enersis , which in 2005 has signed an agreement to construct a plant in the north of portugal .
when the understanding was announced it looked like a revolutionary step .
two years on there are more companies betting on marine energy and among these , there are companies that have always been devoted to traditional energy .
&quot; chevron is researching technologies for oceanic energy – a spokesperson for a company associated to the u.s. oil giant has declared to the economy daily wall street journal – and is evaluating the possibility of collaborating with us &quot; .
the cooperation in question regards the obtaining of a permit from the u.s. energy commission , necessary to start a project to exploit marine energy in alaska .
this is a significant sign , especially if one considers that right in alaska the us continues to extract oil and recently president bush has set in motion a plan for new drilling .
besides chevron there are verdant power inc . of new york and the ocean power of new jersey to travel the path of marine energy and the sums invested so far , even though they are not known in detail , indicate according to the observers an increasing interest .
technology to be made ready .
experts talk about a technology still in its infancy , marine energy does not put to rest all the doubts about its environmental impact .
till now the plants such as the portuguese one or some in scotland are small and do not appear to create big problems for the ecosystem .
to produce energy on a large scale , however technologies with a higher environmental impact need to be implemented .
and the choices are varied : ocean power , for example , uses a system of buoys connected between themselves .
the thrust of the waves , which makes the buoys move up and down is converted into hydraulic pressure by pistons and cylinders inside the floaters .
the pressure turns a turbine which in its turn fuels a generator .
the electricity is sent to shore through underwater cables .
for now there are four plants of this kind being planned , waiting only for federal approval and part of the energy could be used by a military installation .
verdant power , on the other hand , already produces energy for a commercial centre and a parking lot using six underwater turbines in new york &apos;s east river .
the water movement when there are the sea tides makes the fans of the turbines go round , creating a rotary motion that powers a generator .
verdant has said that it has a long list of clients waiting for the necessary authorisations to benefit from the energy .
after the waves , the tides .
particular interest , declare the people at the electrical energy research institute , is deserved at the moment by the potential of tides .
even though it is an intermittent phenomenon , the tide is more predictable than the wind , the sun , or the waves , and so is more reliable as a source of energy .
it &apos;s exactly on tidal energy that states such as new york , maine , and alaska , together with others that overlook the coast , have already invested 7.5 million dollars in 2008 and are foreseen investments of up to 35 million for 2009 .
a republican strategy to counter the re-election of obama
republican leaders justified their policy by the need to combat electoral fraud .
however , the brennan centre considers this a myth , stating that electoral fraud is rarer in the united states than the number of people killed by lightning .
indeed , republican lawyers identified only 300 cases of electoral fraud in the united states in a decade .
one thing is certain : these new provisions will have a negative impact on voter turn-out .
in this sense , the measures will partially undermine the american democratic system .
unlike in canada , the american states are responsible for the organisation of federal elections in the united states .
it is in this spirit that a majority of american governments have passed new laws since 2009 making the registration or voting process more difficult .
this phenomenon gained momentum following the november 2010 elections , which saw 675 new republican representatives added in 26 states .
as a result , 180 bills restricting the exercise of the right to vote in 41 states were introduced in 2011 alone .
the new election laws require voters to show a photo id card and proof of us citizenship .
furthermore , these laws also reduce early voting periods , invalidate the right to register as a voter on election day and withdraw the right to vote of citizens with a criminal record .
before the 2006 elections , no us state required voters to show a photo id card .
indiana was the first state to impose such a requirement .
in 2008 , the supreme court of the united states upheld the constitutionality of the indiana law .
the republican authorities were quick to extend this practice to other states .
over the past two years , they sponsored bills in 34 states to force voters to show a photo id card .
it is important to note that , unlike quebec , american citizens do not have a universal id card such as the health insurance card .
in fact , 11 % of american citizens , i.e. 21 million people of voting age , do not possess a photo id card issued by a government agency of their state .
in addition , five million new voters in 2012 do not have such identification .
and it often costs over a hundred dollars to obtain the required identity card .
the new restrictions disproportionately affect young people , minorities and people with low incomes .
in fact , 25 % of african americans , 15 % of those earning less than $ 35,000 ; 18 % of citizens over 65 and 20 % of voters 18 to 29 years old do not have the required photo id card .
and that &apos;s not all .
students , voters considered to be voting more for democratic candidates , are not allowed in several states to use the photo id card issued by their institution .
on the other hand , these same states allow fishing or hunting club members , who vote more republican , to use the cards issued by these clubs when they vote .
prior to 2004 , no state required proof of citizenship to vote .
arizona was the first to introduce such a requirement .
since 2011 , a dozen states have adopted laws requiring voters to prove they are american citizens .
these measures are clearly intended to limit the hispanic vote .
however , it appears that two out of three hispanic voters favour the democratic party .
what is more , in 2011 republican legislators sponsored laws abolishing the registration of voters on election day in eight states .
in addition , they limited the right of individuals and groups to provide assistance to voters wishing to register .
these restrictions are not without consequence .
for example , during the 2004 general election , voter registration campaigns contributed to registering around 10 million citizens .
however , the measures adopted since 2009 have led to a 17 % drop in the registration rate of new voters in 2010 compared to 2006 .
in addition , republican legislators have enacted laws in five other states aimed at reducing the early voting period .
for example , during the 2008 general election in florida , 33 % of early voters were african-americans , who accounted however for only 13 % of voters in the state .
the same applied to hispanics .
these represented only 11 % of voters , but 24 % of citizens who voted early .
on the other hand , 76 % of voters were white but these represented only 46 % of early voters .
of course , democratic legislators and their supporters vigorously opposed the adoption of laws restricting voter registration .
several bills were blocked by vetoes of democratic governors .
the united states attorney general intervened to suspend the most controversial laws .
they were able to partially limit the damage .
for example , only 16 out of 34 states have adopted laws requiring the presentation of a photo id card .
however , the new rules put in place will undoubtedly make it more difficult to exercise the right to vote in 2012 .
democratic critics denounce the partisan character of the laws that have been passed and they see a clear objective of influencing the 2012 results in key states .
a 2011 brennan centre report shows that the states that have adopted these laws represent 171 of the 270 votes needed in the electoral college to win the presidency .
it is too early to say with certainty that these legislative changes in the electoral system will have significant impacts on the outcome of the 2012 presidential elections .
but one thing is certain : these new provisions will have a negative impact on the turn-out .
in this sense , the measures will partially undermine the american democratic system .
prostate cancer screening : take the test or not ?
indeed , the psa test sometimes shows erroneous results with false negative or even false positive results , which involve unnecessary medical interventions .
enough to make already reluctant men hesitate to take screening tests .
take the test or not ?
we asked two specialists for their opinion .
in studies conducted in the united states , there was a lot of contamination between control groups , so it is difficult to interpret the data and make firm recommendations .
another study , this time a european one , concluded that there was a difference in mortality between patients who were screened and those who were not .
this study also showed , with a follow-up after 12 years , that it is between 30 and 40 % more likely for metastases to occur in the absence of screening .
i therefore recommend the test from age 50 , or 40 if you have a direct relative who previously had prostate cancer .
african-american men are also more at risk .
the key is to make the right decision once cancer has been detected .
there are aggressive cancers and others that are indolent .
the patient really needs to be made to understand the degree of risk of his cancer , by offering him the options available , not necessarily treating prostate cancers that are not long-term life threatening , and opting instead , in such cases , for active monitoring of the disease .
today , many men in whom cancer has been detected will not be treated because their cancer is not aggressive and is not life threatening .
active monitoring will be suggested , and if the disease progresses , they will be offered treatment .
more and more , specific criteria are being determined in order to decide who should or should not be treated .
therefore i recommend taking the test .
but the important thing is to have a discussion with your doctor to determine whether or not to take it .
in collaboration with the société internationale d &apos;urologie &#91; siu &#93; , movember has created a tool that makes it possible to evaluate the pros and cons of the psa test .
you can download the document ( in english for the time being , a &#91; french &#93; translation will be available shortly ) at this address : http : / / ca.movember.com / fr / mens-health / prostate-cancer-screening
preventing the disease
unfortunately , there is no miracle recipe for preventing cancer .
despite the progress in research , the adoption of healthy living habits remains the best way to reduce the risk of suffering from it .
it is estimated that if everyone ate well and exercised enough , 30 % of cancers could be prevented .
&quot; if no more people smoked , this rate would increase to at least 50 % , &quot; says andré beaulieu , spokesman for the canadian cancer society .
on the other hand , it is estimated that roughly 10 % of cancers are hereditary .
some are also completely unexplained .
for the canadian cancer society , the fight against tobacco remains a priority , despite the decrease in the number of smokers .
cigarettes are linked to 85 % of lung cancer cases .
it is also a risk factor for a number of others .
this massively damages people &apos;s health .
&quot; even today , there are 1.5 million smokers in quebec &quot; deplores spokesperson andré beaulieu .
encouraging data : 10 years after giving up smoking , the risk of dying from cancer drops by half .
weight
overweight and obesity are also conducive to the onset of the disease , according to the scc .
they can increase the risks of cancer of the breast , colon and rectum , oesophagus , pancreas and uterus .
&quot; research shows that the regular practice of physical activity throughout your life protects against colon cancer &quot; it is also said .
diet
the organisation also recommends limiting your consumption of red meat .
in large amounts , it increases the risks of developing colo-rectal cancer .
likewise , so do cured meat products , and these should be avoided .
the conservation of meat by smoking , drying or curing can cause the formation of carcinogens .
&quot; they can damage cells in the body and lead to the development of cancer &quot; it is explained .
vitamins
in recent years , a number of scientists have studied the links between vitamin supplements and cancer .
for the time being however their research is inconclusive .
studies on vitamin e are contradictory , according to the scc .
while one study noted a decrease in the risk of prostate cancer , another noted an increase .
also the effect of vitamin d on cancer is not clear .
in addition , mr beaulieu emphasises the importance of discussing your concerns and family history with your doctor .
&quot; taking a screening test doesn &apos;t give you cancer . &quot;
the higgs boson revealed
the announcement of the probable discovery of the higgs boson created quite a stir last summer , and with good reason .
indeed , it is believed that this boson is part of the mechanism responsible for the mass of everything in the universe , no less .
also it is the last particle whose existence is predicted by the standard model - our best or &quot; less worse &quot; explanation of the nature and behaviour of matter - but which has not yet been observed empirically .
but for physicists , it is still not completely sure that it really is the higgs .
we know without a shadow of a doubt that it is a new authentic particle , and greatly resembles the higgs boson predicted by the standard model .
in addition , new data unveiled this week at a large physics congress in kyoto seem to confirm this , but there are still insufficient data to be perfectly sure .
but let &apos;s suppose that it really is the higgs , since the chances of being mistaken seem slim , and see what it is .
in our world , there is a fatally unavoidable law which states that two things cannot meet at the same place at the same time .
there &apos;s no way to break this rule - and don &apos;t try too hard , you &apos;ll go mad .
however , even though particle physics is a very strange world , it turns out that it also has a law of the same kind : the pauli exclusion principle , which states that two particles cannot occupy the same space at the same time if they are in the same &quot; quantum state &quot; - this &quot; state &quot; consisting roughly of certain of their characteristics .
based on this , physicists classify particles into two categories .
in one corner we have good citizens called fermions , who wisely obey the pauli principle .
while lurking in the other are the bosons , a nasty band of anarchists who respect nothing - at all events , not this principle , which means that they can indeed be found in the same place at the same time .
these bosons are then divided into two groups , according to the berkeley labs particle adventure site ( absolutely extraordinary , by the way ) : mesons , which we will not discuss here , and &quot; force particles &quot; by which the great forces of nature are propagated and to which the higgs boson may be somehow related .
these bosons , it must be stressed here , are not all such exotic bugs as you might think .
in fact , if you can read this article , it is thanks to an extraordinarily banal boson : the photon , or the &quot; light particle &quot; which is the &quot; messenger &quot; of the electromagnetic force .
when , in fact , a particle having an electric charge accelerates or changes direction , this &quot; disturbs &quot; the electromagnetic field in this specific place , rather like a pebble thrown in a pond .
this &quot; disturbance &quot; produces an electromagnetic wave ( of light , infrared , ultraviolet etc . ) , and this wave is nothing other than a photon - and thus one of the &quot; force carrier &quot; bosons .
more stable field
the same applies to the higgs boson , with the difference that it is another field , the higgs field , which must be &quot; disturbed &quot; for the boson to appear .
now , this higgs field is much , much more stable than the electromagnetic field ; to excite it , it is necessary to achieve very , very high energy levels , rather like a frozen pond which would need a very large rock to wrinkle the surface .
which is why a huge particle accelerator like the one at cern - the large hadron collider is a ring with a 27km circumference ! - is needed to achieve such energy levels .
the analogy with the electromagnetic field is again useful for explaining the relationship between the higgs and mass .
in fact not all particles , or all materials , interact with the electromagnetic field .
some , such as magnets , do so , but others don &apos;t - a piece of paper , for example , will never stick to a fridge .
and likewise , not all particles interact with the higgs field : those that do so have mass , while the others ( such as the photon ) do not .
now , what is it that all this research &quot; can bring &quot; ? asks ms plamondon .
for science , it serves to check the validity of the standard model ( sm ) , and also allows physicians to examine any discrepancies between the observations and predictions of the sm .
a number of people , moreover , fervently hope that some will be found , because the slightest difference could open a door to a &quot; new physics &quot; and plug certain holes in the model .
this , it must be said , still has huge shortcomings , offering no explanation for gravity ( oops ! ) or dark matter , which forms approximately 80 % of the matter in the universe ( re-oops ! ) .
but to date no such discrepancies have been found at cern .
repercussions
the repercussions of this research on the daily life of the man in the street are more difficult to predict , but it would be wrong to assume that there won &apos;t be any .
remember : in the very early 60s , the pioneers of the laser at bell laboratories did not suspect the revolution that would be triggered by their work .
they had an inkling of the scientific applications , but nothing as to the rest .
in fact , the late willard boyle - a physicist who worked at bell labs , where the laser was invented in 1960 , and who himself developed the first continuous laser ( the first were pulsed ) in 1962 - told us that initially the laser was rather seen as a &quot; lab gadget . &quot;
just imagine ...
and then , applications can also come from all the instrumentation that surrounds research .
for example , the same willard boyle developed a small light sensor in 1969 , during his work in optics .
this sensor , although this was not at all the original intention , now serves as an &quot; eye &quot; to all digital cameras worldwide , and earned him the nobel physics prize in 2009 .
this does not of course mean that the activities of the lhc will necessarily transform our lives , but it does mean that , actually , you never know ...
palliative care - the best way to die ... &#124; le devoir
with its dying with dignity commission , quebec recently discussed the delicate issue of the end of life .
the debate is due to resume shortly as a bill is being prepared .
however , in this vital area , much remains to be done .
le devoir attempted to look more closely .
just a few weeks ago mr l. lived alone in his montérégie apartment .
the festering prostate cancer had allowed him a two-year respite .
&quot; they gave me five years to live , i &apos;ve made it to seven , &quot; he says , with mixed emotions , lying in his bed at the victor-gadbois palliative care home in beloeil , where he arrived the previous day .
&quot; but it &apos;s still a shock , you can never be prepared for it &quot; he adds .
the disease is doing its work : huge weakness which prevents him going to the toilet alone , and even eating alone .
sitting in front of an appetising lunch , he consents to being helped to eat , resigned .
courageous , he even manages to smile , talks to the strangers bustling around him , bringing him his medication , offering him a bath .
the courage of ordinary death .
&quot; what i want most is to be cured of my diarrhoea , it &apos;s humiliating &quot; he confided .
a few hours later , the team found a cure for this illness .
&quot; during our lives , we learn that a man pisses standing up , &quot; says pierre brodeur , psychologist at the victor-gadbois home .
regressing to the stage of a child , for some people , is an unacceptable humiliation .
&quot; it depends on the person &apos;s ability &quot; to accept the regression , he says .
because , in the opinion of a number of people working in palliative care , great moments occur at the very heart of such regression .
patients at the victor-gadbois palliative care home all suffer from cancer .
they have a maximum life expectancy of three months .
at this stage , the team of doctors and nurses surrounding them no longer provides so-called &quot; curative &quot; care .
for mrs a. , 89 years old , the worst fear is to die &quot; conscious and suffocating . &quot;
but the disease has made me discover my children .
&quot; i have fine children &quot; she adds .
&quot; i don &apos;t wish for anything more in life &quot; she says , before accepting having a mask put on to help her breathe .
she looks forward nevertheless , in the next few days , to a last visit by her son coming from italy .
at victor-gadbois , a group of volunteers provides bodily care and help with feeding .
this is palliative care , given when there is nothing else that can be done .
to make death more comfortable .
in quebec , there are palliative care beds for 11,700 inhabitants .
this is very few when we know that we will all die one day .
here , life continues under the best possible conditions , explains dr christiane martel , one of the doctors at the home .
whether at a physical comfort , emotional or spiritual level .
a person who is dying will accept being helped to drink brandy or pepsi , whatever is their tipple .
diabetics no longer need to control their blood sugar .
and death is part of everyday life .
yesterday evening , a beer was served to mr x , who died during the night .
this morning , it is his son who will finish the beer at the feet of the deceased .
&quot; we help relatives as much as patients &quot; says nathalie savard , director of care .
at the victor-gadbois home , one day follows another but no two are alike .
along with a 93-year-old man who is savouring his last meeting with his family , sitting firmly wedged in his pillows while toasts are drunk in his honour , a 36-year-young man is dying tragically , surrounded by his parents , his wife and his two young children , after having tried everything to survive .
&quot; for six months , there have always been three to five beds which are occupied by cancer patients less than 45 years old &quot; says a concerned dr christiane martel .
53 % of patients admitted to the victor-gadbois home come from their homes , 47 % from hospital .
lack of access to palliative care
it is said that 77 % of canadians simply have no access to palliative care , which is care designed to ease the pain when a patient has reached the terminal stage of life , be it at home , in hospital or in a care home .
and a number of organisations , such as the victor-gadbois home and the palliative care society in greater montreal , specialise more or less exclusively in care provided to cancer patients .
it is precisely this large gap in quebec health care which has made a number of palliative care physicians fear the adoption of a law on euthanasia and assisted suicide .
since october , a manifesto , signed by palliative care luminaries including dr balfour mount and dr bernard lapointe , has been circulating to demonstrate their opposition to such an initiative .
according to dr christiane martel , the quebec health system is not effective enough to ensure that everyone will be entitled to quality palliative care before it is accepted to proceed to euthanasia .
recently , she says , i saw a patient spend 14 days in emergency , in great pain , without anything being done to ease her suffering .
i &apos;m afraid that patients ask to die because they don &apos;t receive adequate care .
and at the same time , some oncologists work relentlessly on their patients until the last day , despite the worst prognoses .
hélène richard &apos;s survival hopes were already minimal when she ended her gruelling chemotherapy .
when i announced to my oncologist that i was stopping the treatment , she told me she regretted that i had given up fighting , she said .
however , she had told me i was finished !
no all-powerful care
dr martel believes that 90 % of patients asking to die thank care-givers for not having acceded to their request after they have been relieved of their pain by a palliative care team .
but it must be said that palliative care is not absolutely all-powerful in the treatment of pain .
according to elsie monereau , palliative care director with the palliative care society in greater montreal , patients are resistant to treatment against pain in 8 % of cases .
at the very end of life , physicians then often resort to palliative sedation , which is equivalent to putting the patient to sleep until the time of death , either sporadically or permanently .
we can no longer pretend not to understand this part of their suffering .
increasingly , an unrelieved patient will have the option of having such palliative sedation .
patients who are not relieved always say the same thing : &quot; i want to die . &quot;
but this does not necessarily mean &quot; i want you to euthanise me , &quot; it means &quot; i want to be relieved . &quot;
this report was made possible thanks to a journalism award from the canada health research institutes .
widespread real estate scandals in quebec
day after day highway officials , building contractors , political party fund-raisers and italian mafia specialists tell what they know of a formidable &quot; system , &quot; combining the building industry , government officials , politicians , trade unionists and organised crime .
an &quot; industry &quot; which has cost quebec taxpayers dearly , especially in the 1990s and 2000s .
&quot; it is curious how the system is crumbling since we took drastic measures &quot; says jacques duchesneau ironically , a quebec politician and former montreal chief of police .
it was through him that the scandal broke in 2011 , in an in-depth investigation into corruption related to road construction contracts in quebec , to which the liberal prime minister at the time , jean charest , had consented only reluctantly .
the &quot; duchesneau report &quot; established a direct link between industry , under-the-table financing of parties and bribery of officials .
&quot; since the inquiry opened in 2010 , he says , the ministry of transport alone reportedly saved a billion dollars on contracts , &quot; with certain people curbing their instincts to get a share !
the charbonneau commission &quot; has already brought down two mayors &quot; he adds , hoping that it will succeed in &quot; revealing the schemes behind the individuals . &quot;
a permanent anti-corruption unit , created in 2011
the permanent anti-corruption unit , created in 2011 , is also coupled with its army of government analysts , investigators , and auditors .
plus the &quot; marteau squad &quot; policemen who , since 2009 , have apparently led the montreal &quot; sewer cartel &quot; to soft pedal on the inflation of contracts ...
in recent weeks , it has conducted a series of searches and brought charges of fraud and corruption against municipal politicians , such as frank zampino and richard marcotte , mayor of a suburban town .
next on the list is apparently gilles vaillancourt , who has just resigned from his post as mayor of laval , third largest city in quebec .
he is suspected of pocketing repeated bribes in exchange for public contracts .
others formally accused are montreal highway engineers and italian entrepreneurs , including tony accurso and lino zambito .
the latter caused a sensation by explaining the mechanics of the public contracts &quot; system &quot; to the commission .
he himself paid 3 % of the value of the contracts obtained in montreal to an intermediary linked to the mafia who in turn paid the money to union montréal , mayor gérald tremblay &apos;s party .
mr zambito has handed money out freely in the 2000s , giving over 88,000 canadian dollars ( roughly 68,000 euros ) to provincial parties , especially the liberals then in power .
he also admitted having organised an illegal fundraiser for former liberal deputy-prime minister , nathalie normandeau .
sewer contracts with inflated costs
in montreal , the corruption &quot; system &quot; ran smoothly .
gilles surprenant , former public works engineer , described it in detail in front of the commission : in ten years , he received from construction companies gifts , invitations to trips , golf tournaments , restaurants , hockey matches and bribes totalling 736,000 dollars , in exchange for sewer contracts of which he inflated the costs .
other highway officials admitted having their palms greased by inflating invoices by 30 to 40 % , and by false add-ons .
then an organiser of the mayor &apos;s party , martin dumont , accused mr tremblay of having deliberately closed his eyes to a parallel budget feeding his coffers with dirty money .
following these revelations , mr tremblay resigned in early november , plunging montreal into a major crisis .
chantal rouleau was one of the first women in montreal to raise the alarm .
mayor of the borough of rivière-des-prairies , to the east of the island , she protested in 2010 against the sale of municipal land bought for 5 million dollars and resold for ... 1.6 million to developers , at the height of the real estate boom .
70 % dirty money in election campaigns
on the investigation which will eventually be implemented , she says she &quot; is following a thread in order to find out how the system - infiltrated by ants - works , to put a stop to the gangrene and catch the culprits . &quot;
the process , she says , is &quot; painful but positive . &quot;
the wound is being cleaned , but montreal would need its own investigative unit with ongoing monitoring , to avoid the return of these questionable practices .
how to clean house .
properly .
jacques duchesneau notes for his part that &quot; officials stole hundreds of millions of dollars , &quot; but he is especially concerned about the role of &quot; elected people aware of the scheme , &quot; when they were not up to their necks in the scam !
estimating the share of dirty money in the financing of election campaigns in quebec at 70 % , he says dryly : &quot; i was told that it was only a pale reflection of reality . &quot;
the quebec government proposes to limit donations to parties to 100 dollars , but this will not change the situation , he says : &quot; until election expenses are strictly limited , there will be dirty money in politics . &quot;
he advocates a complete overhaul of the system for granting public contracts and party funding : &quot; we can &apos;t go any lower ; getting to the bottom of things , with courage , will help to rebuild the house on more solid foundations , with more controls and laws . &quot;
although this story tarnishes the international image of quebec and montreal , mr duchesneau invites anyone laughing to look in their own backyard ...
&quot; psg is not fc barcelona ! &quot;
this season , you have taken on a new stature with psg .
how do you explain this progression ?
it can be explained by individual awareness but also by the new dimension of psg .
some great players have arrived .
every day i &apos;m making progress alongside them .
the technical staff has also brought me a lot .
day by day , all these things help me raise my level of play .
and , in a match , it &apos;s easier .
everything moves very fast in football .
but i don &apos;t get worked up .
from my debut at the clairefontaine inf pre-training centre to my transfer to saint-etienne , i &apos;ve always moved step by step .
so you benefit from the competition brought in by carlo ancelotti ...
this summer &apos;s recruits are used to playing matches at a high level .
they also know that every training session is crucial .
which is what makes a player like me want to face up and give my best .
on the other hand , carlo ancelotti gives me a lot as regards my position .
he &apos;s supported by deputies like claude makelele , who played in the same position as me .
is ancelotti the man for the job ?
definitely .
ancelotti inspires respect among all the experts .
today he has no equal in ligue 1 , and he &apos;s one of the best coaches in europe .
he has masses of experience and has won many titles with top clubs .
he &apos;s worked with great players .
i think he will bring more titles to paris .
in january , i had an encouraging discussion with him .
i was just coming back from a series of injuries .
the confidence he gives me also explains my performance .
what importance do you attach to the first part of the season for psg ?
in ligue 1 , lyon overtook us at the top .
but we &apos;re waiting on the sidelines .
one of our main goals is the champions league : we qualified for the last 16 in the right way .
what is the club &apos;s goal in this competition ?
we &apos;ll try to go as far as possible .
from now on , anything can happen .
but we &apos;ll have something to say against some very good european teams .
first of all , we want to finish top in our pool , ahead of porto , to have home advantage in the last 16 match .
can psg become a top european club in the short term ?
it already has the budget ...
to become a top european club , paris needs to win titles and keep it up over time .
today , this isn &apos;t the case .
financially , psg has the means to make it happen .
in ligue 1 , would not winning the title , like last season , be a big failure ?
definitely , it would be a major disappointment .
this year , we &apos;re really committed to winning the championship .
we weren &apos;t far away last season .
in may , there was great disappointment because we were good enough to finish first .
it was a terrific season .
we finished with 79 points .
normally , 79 points is good enough to be top ...
but another team , montpellier , had an even more fantastic season .
i think this is the year .
even if big teams like marseille , lyon and bordeaux are competing for the title , i think we have the weapons to win .
do you think the media expect too much of psg ?
it &apos;s normal for them to expect a lot from us given what &apos;s been invested and the players we have .
we totally accept it .
after we won 4-0 at home against troyes and they still found things to blame us for , that &apos;s definitely a bit frustrating .
you wonder what more people expect .
you &apos;re never going to win 4-0 every weekend .
we &apos;re not fc barcelona !
we &apos;re trying to implement a game project .
it takes time to build a team .
the champions league proved we could hold our own .
look at manchester city who , for two seasons , have failed to qualify for the last 16 , despite also having spent huge amounts !
based on the amounts invested , you should be 15 points ahead at the winter break !
that would be to ignore our opponents and the french championship .
lyon and marseille , who were no good last season , were &quot; boosted &quot; by the new psg .
this shows that ligue 1 is exciting .
i hope that in may we will be able to smile in saying that , despite all the difficulties , we finally did it .
psg seem totally dependent on the exploits of zlatan ibrahimovic .
so much so that people say there is a &quot; zlatan dependence . &quot;
this means ibrahimovic is very successful and scores a lot of goals .
that &apos;s why he came , and he &apos;s proving he &apos;s the star of ligue 1 .
he &apos;s demonstrated everywhere he went that he was a great player , a world star .
within the group , we respect the man and the player .
and also he respects the men he has around him .
what he has done is truly exceptional .
it pushes others to raise their level of play .
thiago silva , who is one of the best defenders in the world , also helps everyone else progress .
how did you get on in euro 2012 with the france team ?
a disappointment .
i really wanted to play in this euro .
unfortunately , my injury prevented me from getting any game time .
i saw some things there and came out stronger .
today , i &apos;m playing well in selection matches .
which is what i &apos;ve been hoping for since my baptism with the blues .
i &apos;ve learned the lessons from what happened in the ukraine and i now owe it to myself to have exemplary behaviour .
what do think about didier deschamps &apos;s first few months in charge of the blues ?
he has the results he wanted .
we &apos;re well placed in the world qualifying group .
the coach is tough , close to the players , and inspires them to win .
like laurent blanc was .
but i don &apos;t want to make any comparisons .
blanc had achieved his goal when we qualified for the euro .
i hope didier deschamps will take the blues to brazil .
did the good draw ( 1-1 ) snatched in spain , on 16 october , represent a founding match ?
that match gave us confidence .
everybody fought for everybody .
before that shock in spain , i &apos;d never experienced such a match in my career .
with bitcoin , pay and sell without banks
the opposite of current monetary exchanges , based on central banks , identified transactions and processing fees among the parties involved .
in addition , as often in these technologies , a political vision is palpable : the belief that the current monetary system , made up of banking monopolies , leads to financial crises .
in fact , bitcoin , invented by satoshi nakamoto ( a pseudonym ) , is both a virtual currency ( but convertible into dollars , euros ) and a secure exchange protocol like bittorrent , which allows peer-to-peer file exchange .
around 200,000 transactions have already been recorded via 15,000 computers on the network .
close to a thousand web sites accept bitcoins as donations or means of payment .
the bitcoin exchange rate , after reaching a peak of 30 dollars ( 23 euros ) in june 2011 , fell to 2 dollars five months later , returning today to around a dozen dollars ( rates are listed on the bitcoincharts.com site ) .
nothing very impressive , compared to global transactions in real currency or financial products .
however , the european central bank ( ecb ) took an interest in it in a report on virtual currencies published in october .
it describes bitcoin as &quot; the most successful virtual currency , &quot; &quot; in competition with the dollar or the euro &quot; and &quot; similar to conventional currencies . &quot;
bitcoin differs from other types of virtual currency such as &apos; credits &apos; , used to progress in a video game which you win by playing or which you can buy ( and sometimes exchange in return ) .
the social network facebook has also developed this kind of system .
but , on each occasion , a central authority controls and handles the exchanges .
with bitcoin , all nodes in the network are both custodians of the book of accounts , auditors , currency issuers , and buyers and sellers .
how does the network operate ?
each transaction between two users is actually carried out between two electronic addresses like with an e-mail .
except that a user can choose a different address for each payment , thereby ensuring anonymity .
a set of information associated with this transaction is signed electronically by a dual-key encryption system .
so the network can verify the authenticity of the transaction .
using the contents of the file , it is also possible to ensure that the exchanged bitcoins exist in the public book of accounts , broadcast across the entire network .
the key step is entering the new transaction in the book .
it passes through the resolution of a mathematical challenge issued to the computers , and the winner , a kind of interim central banker , will have the privilege of adding this extra line .
this is a file hashing phase , i.e. the transformation of a large file into a shorter and unique digital imprint .
computers &quot; take &quot; the new transaction and add a number to it , then &quot; hash &quot; it all up .
the goal being to find the number that gives a special imprint ( lots of zeros at the beginning ) .
once this number has been found , the other nodes can easily check that it is the right one .
the transaction is then indestructibly linked to the chain of all the other transactions ; any modification would alter the imprint .
if a user wanted to defraud by paying twice with the same money very quickly ( less than ten minutes ) , only one of the two transactions would be validated by the network - the other would remain an orphan because the two have different imprints .
the computer that resolves the challenge wins 50 bitcoins .
to avoid inflation , this award is regularly divided by two , probably by the end of 2012 .
the number of bitcoins in circulation is therefore limited to 21 million , but they are divisible down to the hundred millionth , which leaves some margin ...
the difficulty of the challenge is also raised with each increase in computing power .
the life of the network has had its ups and downs .
websites providing services for bitcoin have been attacked and bitcoins in deposits stolen .
&quot; the loophole used is not the protocol itself &quot; says pierre noizat reassuringly , who has just launched paymium , a real currency payment company that uses the bitcoin network .
the ecb also highlights the possibilities of money laundering using this anonymous service .
but cash also has this weakness .
major players like wikipedia refuse donations of this nature .
others , such as the wordpress blog platform , accept them .
recently , adi shamir and dorit ron , from the weizmann institute in israel , analysed the accounting books and showed that almost 80 % of bitcoins do not circulate .
in november , &quot; huge sell-offs &quot; were launched .
&quot; thirty thousand dollars were exchanged &quot; welcomes jon holmquist , who works for coinabul , which converts bitcoins to gold .
pierre noizat , also author of an educational book on this currency , has a lot of faith in the potential of this technology as a transaction network .
his system , paytunia , is equivalent to a credit card ( in real money ) or a contactless payment by mobile , but it uses bitcoin to validate transactions , which are thus cheaper .
also the user manages his identity and can therefore be anonymous .
the system is easy to implement by merchants , who do not need to install new terminals or software .
they just need to provide an address that a phone can &quot; photograph and recognise &quot; says pierre noizat , who confirms he has thousands of users .
there is a general movement to reappraise hierarchical systems for more horizontal systems .
&quot; it will take time for bitcoin to become firmly established , but 2013 could be a turning point , &quot; he predicts .
the ecb , in its report , says it will reassess the various risks , currently regarded as high , in the event of the currency &apos;s success .
we got out of afghanistan .
what now ?
french troops have left their area of responsibility in afghanistan ( kapisa and surobi ) .
nato and the americans are due to follow in late 2014 .
it is time for the afghan army to resume possession of its territory and the afghan people to choose their future , without expecting us to do everything .
it is mainly afghan peasants that we have punished by regarding them as terrorists .
and ourselves , with our 88 soldiers killed , plus the wounded , the maimed .
the taliban is composed of foreign extremists , former leaders in refuge in pakistan , but often peasants who refuse the presence of foreign armed forces , like in the time of the soviets .
they want to defend their traditions , both ancient and archaic , even though they have been joined by jihadists , pakistanis , arabs , uzbeks , tajiks .
tolerated , sometimes assisted , by local insurgents , the latter will no longer be so when westerners become more scarce .
the departure of french troops from the nijrab base , which i observed from the top of hills of almond trees planted with french funding , was carried out in an orderly fashion .
convoys of trucks and armoured vehicles reached kabul without being attacked , overflown by helicopters .
there will be no wave of the taliban in kabul by the end of 2014 .
circumstances have changed since their irresistible advance between 1994 and 1996 .
at that time kabul was empty , the country being torn apart by the struggles between different factions .
their takeover of the country had been perceived then as a sort of liberation , a return to safety .
afghanis paid the price of the obscurantism of these peasants by the organisation of al-qaeda , but their situation has not improved today .
former mujahidin , the afghan government and the current taliban are allied in the desire to keep women in an inferior position .
the main anti-soviet war leaders returned to power in 2001 .
they became profiteers , seizing government land to resell as building land to refugees returning from iran and pakistan , benefiting from huge american outsourcing contracts .
they have become discredited ; what is more , most of them did not fight themselves .
the people , as i heard in the countryside , want a government that is not made up of thieves .
many young people want to leave , as those who were able to benefit from american largesse will leave : the flight of capital is considerable .
the young people are tired of war and its ideologies .
they have rubbed shoulders with the modern world during their exile in iran or pakistan , and appreciated the benefits .
roughly 65 % of the population is less than 25 ; kabul now has 5 million people , a fifth of the total population .
in towns and cities , the state schools are full , with girls and boys alike .
it will be necessary to provide work for those young people who no longer want to return to the obscurantism of the former parties or the corruption of certain leaders .
all of them , including the armed opponents , are partial to mobile phones ; television , with its turkish soap operas that show a modern world , is followed everywhere .
the army is now present .
will the authorities who command it be considered legitimate ?
former commanders of the anti-soviet struggle are already thinking about restoring provincial militias , which will escape the central power .
afghanistan , land of mountains , with strong local identities , should be able to benefit from a certain decentralisation , in the image of the western nations , but the united states wanted to turn it into a centralised state , with strong presidential power , abolishing the post of prime minister , which had existed since the 1964 constitution .
president karzai does not want any foreign controls , particularly on the occasion of the elections in april 2014 .
but , since the 50s and already well before , his country has been dependent on foreign aid .
no industries have been re-established , no dams are in good condition , no major irrigation systems have been repaired .
everything is imported ; nothing is produced , apart from fruit and vegetables .
the priority is left to private initiative .
in a country ruined by thirty years of war , government control over the infrastructure would have been necessary .
the rumour was spread that afghanistan had huge mineral wealth .
this only added to the feeling that the westerners were only there to seize it .
with no energy to process the iron ore or copper on site , or means of transport to export it across the mountains , there is no mining .
the chinese have already almost left the mes aynak copper mine , leaving international archaeologists ( funded by the world bank ) to search the huge buddhist site and remain the largest employers in the province .
one day it will also be necessary for afghanistan and pakistan , on which imports and exports largely depend , to restore normal relations .
the departure of french combat troops was completed on 20 november .
the new cooperation treaty provides for the continuation of traditional aid : girls &apos; high school , boys &apos; high school , french department at the university , french institute , cooperation in the military , legal , medical and agricultural fields , support to the archaeological delegation .
since 2009 , to try to &quot; win hearts and minds &quot; and achieve the impossible task of reconciling aid and offensive actions , a &quot; civil-military actions &quot; service from the ministry of defence ( cimic ) , closed in 2012 , has carried out , and continues to carry out successfully , through a small french ngo , many community and agricultural rehabilitation projects in dozens of mountain villages .
these projects , involving large numbers of local labour , have helped to contain the insurgency : irrigation , wells , drinking water , reforestation , fruit trees , soil protection and increase in cultivable areas .
what will we leave as a souvenir , after two billion euros of military spending ?
a much more modest budget would contribute to improving local living conditions , which are very hard in these valleys often located over 2,000 metres above sea level .
the embassy has received dozens of written requests for small agricultural projects from local communities in kapisa province .
to be in a position to free themselves from the uprising led by foreign groups , which is what farmers told me they want , a small amount of civil aid should be maintained in their favour , well controlled and directly affecting them .
a constitution by force in egypt
a new gamble for president mohammed morsi .
while egypt remains more divided than ever around the constitutional declaration , which temporarily grants him full powers , he has decided to go for broke .
taking everyone by surprise , he announced on wednesday that the constituent assembly would vote on its final text the following day .
just a week ago , the head of state had given the assembly two more months to finish its work .
for two years egypt has relied on a provisional text , amended several times and this has weakened institutional stability and led to legal imbroglios .
this new initiative has only served to enhance the divide in the country .
according to his opponents , the president is persevering in his &quot; autocratic delirium , &quot; continuing to &quot; go back on his word &quot; and &apos; trample the law . &quot;
his supporters affirm that this is the quickest way to put an end to the institutional and political crisis , by speeding up the transition process .
a referendum is due to be held within the next two weeks .
a very short period , which forces the brothers to abandon their plan to explain the text , article by article , to the egyptians .
for the president , it is also a way to achieve popular and democratic legitimacy while the dispute rages throughout the country .
mohammed morsi seems convinced that egyptians will vote favourably , as he stated in an interview with the american weekly time .
particularly since a hasty vote smacks of an ultimatum to the egyptian people : &quot; either you vote for my text , or i keep full powers , &quot; these powers supposedly expiring following adoption of the constitution .
it was in a strange atmosphere that 85 members of the constituent assembly , with a large islamist majority , voted on the text yesterday .
most of the liberals were missing .
in mid-november , shortly before the constitutional declaration , they had slammed the door , feeling they had failed to assert their views .
representatives of human rights , religious minorities or civil society had done likewise .
in order to obtain a quorum , 11 members , alternates , were hastily added yesterday morning .
some of them are very close to the muslim brotherhood .
not surprisingly , the articles were for the most part voted unanimously .
commentators were also amused that one of the only diversions of the day was expressed with regard to ... the hour of prayer , some committee members feeling that the constituent assembly clock was wrong .
the text , which was still being voted on yesterday evening , has 234 articles .
the main focus of attention , article 2 , remains in the final analysis identical to that of the 1971 constitution , stipulating that &quot; the principles of sharia are the main source of law . &quot;
the salafist parties , for which the establishment of islamic law is a major claim , were hoping to replace &quot; the principles &quot; by &quot; the rules , &quot; which would have allowed stricter application .
for the islamists , the fact that this article was not amended is a guarantee of their goodwill and their respect for the other elements of egyptian society .
&quot; hypocrisy &quot; respond the liberals , who see only a communication coup .
because in their opinion islamisation of the constitution is done through other articles .
they refer in particular to article 220 , which grants al-azhar university an advisory role , with particular reference to verifying the conformity of the laws with sharia .
according to egypt specialist sophie pommier , this is worrying because &quot; the people called upon to advise are not elected and have no democratic legitimacy .
this suggests the beginnings of a theocracy . &quot;
the liberals &apos; fears are also fuelled by the fact that the next rector of the university will probably be much less moderate than the current one .
&quot; for the time being , there is no concrete religious implication .
with this constitution , things remain under civil rule .
most of the lawyers who worked on this text are not islamic law scholars but academics , some trained in the french system &quot; qualifies alexis blouet , who is writing a thesis on the egyptian constitutional transition .
but he acknowledges that &quot; there may be some ambiguity regarding article 220 , because the terms used borrow from the religious vocabulary .
reference is made in particular to &quot; fiqh &quot; &#91; islamic jurisprudence , editor &apos;s note &#93; .
and the question could be asked in future to what extent civil judges are competent to pronounce on it . &quot;
beyond its religious aspect , the text voted on yesterday is highly criticised due to the extensive powers it grants to the president of the republic .
the muslim brothers argue that they are significantly reduced compared to what they were under the former regime .
another issue : the powers conferred on the army .
in accordance with the wishes of the military , the defence budget review will be not submitted to parliament , but to a national defence council .
nor will trials of civilians will be banned in military tribunals , as requested by associations for the defence of human rights .
who also voice their concerns about the text , which they consider repressive .
the offence of blasphemy is maintained and insults are now prohibited , which could have serious consequences on freedom of expression , particularly for the press .
in addition , no longer does any of the articles refer to the protection of women , highlights heba morayef , from human rights watch .
in her opinion , the only positive point is the prohibition of torture in article 36 .
the word was not included in the previous constitution .
while the egyptian president was speaking yesterday evening on television , demonstrations are planned for this afternoon .
supporters of the head of state will march on saturday .
in israel , holy places await ukrainian tourists , the omphalos and a sea of saline water
the holy land combines the splendour of biblical truths , modern comfort and primeval nature .
aif &#91; argumenti i fakti &#93; newspaper highlighted the five most important reasons why it is a must to visit israel .
let &apos;s worship the holy places
it is worth visiting the river jordan where jesus was baptized .
it is considered that all who enter this baptism &quot; bath &quot; are blessed by god .
galilee is the place where jesus performed his magic : turned water into wine at a wedding , walked on water , calmed a storm , and filled the nets .
this is also where jesus came before his disciples and after the resurrection .
but the biggest number of holy places is in jerusalem .
believers walk through the way of grief or via dolorosa .
it starts by the antonia fortress - praetorium - where the judgement took place , and brings us along the streets of the old town to the church of the holy sepulchre on golgotha - the place of the crucifixion , stone of unction and the place of jesus &apos; burial .
this is also the location of the symbolic christian omphalos , which symbolizes the salvation of mankind .
the holy cross monastery in jerusalem is erected at the site that , according to christian legend , yielded the tree used to make the cross for jesus &apos; crucifixion .
jerusalem has the most holy places for the jews as well - the wailing wall , which remained from a temple destroyed by the romans in 70 ad .
according to tradition , people of different faiths leave notes here with their wishes , which are then fulfilled .
travel along a vertical
ruins of the massada fortress remain from a secret refuge from enemies , built by herod in 25 bc for his family .
they are located on cliffs in the mountains at an elevation of 450 m above sea level .
they can be reached on foot only by those who are into mountain climbing .
others are delivered to this historical mountaintop by a cableway .
in the north of the country , at an elevation of 1600-2040 m , there is a famous ski resort called hermon , which fills up with tourists in winter months .
a shuttle bus brings people to it from the foot of the mountain .
the total length of ski pistes is 45 km .
according to an ancient legend , pagan gods used to live on the mountain .
visit unique museums
this country has about 300 museums .
you won &apos;t be able to visit all of them on one trip
but at least the five most interesting ones are worth a visit .
among them - museum of israel , located close to knesset ( parliament ) .
it has ancient qumran manuscripts and dead sea scrolls found in the caves of the judean desert , along with about 500,000 archaeological and anthropological artefacts .
the museum of art in tel-aviv is also interesting .
its exhibits include a wide range of impressionists and expressionists like monet , pissarro , renoir , sisley , cezanne , matisse , modigliani , chagall , picasso .
in akko , you can visit the bath museum al-basha , which consists of several rooms of ancient turkish baths with models of visitors and bath attendants of the time .
in caesarea , it is worth visiting the unique private ralli museum , where you can enjoy the sculptures of dali and rodin .
there are no tour guides or gift shops .
entry is free of charge , and contributions are strictly not allowed .
the fifth one is the holocaust museum or yad vashem in tel-aviv , which tells one of the most dramatic stories in history .
the most tragic section is the children &apos;s memorial , built in memory of 1.5 million children killed in concentration camps and gas chambers .
you go in and find yourself in complete darkness .
stars are glimmering ,
and you listen to names of jewish children and countries where they died .
ukraine is mentioned there too .
wellness
there are three resort areas in israel , located on the coasts of the mediterranean , red , and dead seas .
each have swimming pools , aqua parks , dolphinaria and oceanaria .
it is notable that one can swim in the red sea even in winter months , because the water temperature does not drop below 21 degrees and the air warms to 23 degrees .
the dead sea is even warmer , and people swim in it all year round .
incidentally , it is the most unusual sea in the world , located in the lowest point of the planet - 417 m below sea level .
its azure water is saline and easily keeps you afloat , even if you don &apos;t know how to swim .
the surrounding landscapes are surreal in their beauty .
people come here to undergo a course of treatment using salt water - wraps and medicinal muds , and to improve their health if they have dermatitis , allergies , asthmas , eczemas , arthritis , bronchitis , or diabetes , or to return emotional balance .
touch the mysteries of antiquity
they are preserved in the old section of tel-aviv - in the town of jaffa on the mediterranean sea .
the famous sea route connecting egypt , syria , anatolia , and mesopotamia runs through it .
the city is mentioned in ancient greek and ancient egyptian legends .
according to legends , this is where noah built his ark and perseus saved the beauty andromeda , with whom he lived a long and happy life .
tourists really like to wander the narrow streets named after signs of the zodiac .
they say , if you touch the walls on the street of your sign , fortune will come to you .
in jaffa , you can meet newlyweds who come from all over israel and even from other countries for photo sessions .
and in caesarea - the city of king herod - you can walk around a roman theatre , &quot; capture &quot; the crusader fortress .
during the roman period , caesarea was the main city of judea and the residence of roman prefects , including pontius pilate .
the carefully restored theatre is now used for evening concerts and opera performances .
a note for the tourist
when you go to israel , don &apos;t worry about your bad english knowledge : approximately 30 % of the country &apos;s population speaks russian .
for the trip , it is better to take dollars , not euros , because they are easily exchanged for shekels ( currently 1 dollar = 3.8 shekels ) .
city transportation is mainly buses , but jerusalem has a high-speed tram , and haifa has the only subway line in the country , comprising six stops and connecting upper town with lower .
in essence , it is an underground cable railway .
a ticket for any type of city transportation costs 6 shekels , and you can ride for 1.5 hours with transfers .
according to the jewish tradition , sabbath is celebrated in israel .
between friday evening and the sunset on saturday , markets , stores , and public transportation stop working .
the work week starts on sunday morning .
many cafes , restaurants and hotels have only kosher food , with no pork , seafood , fish with no scales , or dishes that combine milk with meat .
there is a wide selection of dishes from lamb and beef , soups and desserts cooked using coconut milk , traditional jewish hummus paste , various sauces , falafel ( balls made of ground chickpeas ) , fruits and vegetables .
the streets of israel don &apos;t have homeless dogs .
but there are many well-fed cats , which walk around lazily .
in the evening , they can even be seen sleeping on roofs of parked cars .
these pussycats like busy places and do not refuse treats .
car rental , depending on car type , costs from 37 ( hyundai getz ) to 188 ( audi a6 , volvo s80 ) dollars a day .
plus insurance of 15 dollars a day .
bike rental costs 15 shekels a day .
museum entrance costs 30 shekels on average .
in numbers
in 2012 , over three million tourists from around the world visited israel .
visitors and holidaymakers arrive mostly from the usa , russia , france , germany , italy , england , and ukraine .
between january and october 2012 118,800 ukrainian tourists visited the holy land , which is 51 % more than a similar figure in 2010 , before the removal of the visa regime on february 9 , 2011 .
only the &quot; high and mighty &quot; make it to moscow : migrants save money for language
while deputies and human rights activists argue about the purpose of the law on mandatory language testing , the country already has scam artists who sell fake certificates .
every year , 13 million migrant workers come to moscow , st. petersburg and other cities in russia .
mostly these are citizens of central asia : uzbekistan , tajikistan and turkmenistan .
their only goal is to earn money to support families back home .
a new law came into effect on december 1 , which obliges every migrant worker to pass a russian language test .
for the moment , this law applies only to those who intend to work in services , housing and utility services , household services , and retail .
but with time - as promised by the federal migration service - tests will become mandatory for all non-residents .
in addition to language , russian history and basics of the legal system will be tested .
language knowledge will have to be confirmed both to receive and to extend the work permit .
an exception is in effect only for citizens of countries where russian is a state language .
people who received education certificates and diplomas before the fall of the ussr in 1991 are also exempt under the law .
purpose , doomed fate , and the protection of rights
seven testing points will be operating under the auspices of the pushkin institute of russian language , peoples &apos; friendship university of russia , moscow state university ( mgu ) , st. petersburg state university ( spbgu ) , and other russian education institutions .
migrants can take the tests in all cities ; more than 160 such centres have been opened .
the initiative to introduce the testing was supported by state duma members and the federal migration services .
but human rights activists , asked the question repeatedly in the press before the law came into force : what will it actually achieve ?
what will the obligation to know russian change for the russians and for the non-residents ?
first of all , according to representatives of the migration service , this will allow to reduce the number of people suffering from labour slavery .
many speak about protection of the rights of work migrants , explains the head of the representative office of the federal migration services of russia , viktor sebelev .
rights protection should begin before their departure .
only the system of organized selection will enable us to solve 90 % of the problems of foreign workers .
migrants without profession , education , who do not know russian , who do not have a medical certificate start to have problems .
if a migrant does not understand the language , says sebelev with certainty , he is doomed to come across unconscientious people , who , pretending to help , will force upon him a &quot; ticket &quot; to terrible , cramped barracks where many others like him will suffer without food and documents , slaving away 12-14 hours a day .
we receive many complaints from our migrants .
&quot; they are promised one thing at home , but when they arrive , they are lied to , their passports are taken , they are not paid what they were promised , &quot; confirms the head of the main migrant labour administration of the migration service of tajikistan tolib sharipov .
not be angry , boss !
nonetheless , many citizens of central asian countries , who plan to go to work in russia , admit that not only their understanding of the language of the country where they are going is not good , but they can barely write in their own language .
naturally , this is not so much their fault , but due to poverty : very few turks , uzbeks , and tajiks can afford even a basic education .
their families don &apos;t even have food to feed their children , not to mention decent clothing , shoes , and supplies .
after reaching adolescence , these kids go to work at the first opportunity .
it is hard , if language knowledge is bad , they admit .
&quot; you feel humiliated and inferior . &quot;
but human rights activists note one important point about the law on language .
testing will be conducted only for those migrants who have legal status .
if they have no status , there will be no testing , nor any official work in the future .
in the meantime , most of the migrant workers continue to live in russia illegally .
&quot; welcome , or no unauthorized entry &quot;
many of the foreigners assert that receiving official status in our country is not that easy .
the reason lies in bureaucratic hurdles and the already mentioned language difficulties .
in addition , legalization costs money : from 12,000 to 16,000 rubles .
whereas a fake registration is done quickly and costs only one and a half thousand .
officers of the russian police know that we mainly have fake papers , without registration , hence the extortion .
&quot; they ask for a hundred or two for cigarettes , tea , &quot; umed khushkadamov , a citizen of tajikistan , shared with journalists .
&quot; roll up , don &apos;t be cheap , get your artwork &quot;
on the first day of the law &apos;s entry into effect it turned out that not only migrant registration documents can be fake .
a few forged certificates about passing language tests have been seized by federal migration services officers already .
forged documents are printed on a standard colour printer .
naturally , they were not free for their owners : each of the migrants , who had hoped to facilitate the task of passing the tests in this way paid seven thousand rubles for them .
it is two and a half times more than the process of official testing , which costs three thousand .
government officials and human rights activists agree that the main goal in the near future is to protect the system from corruption , so that the certificates could not just be bought .
for the moment , the authorities can promise migrant workers who could not pass the test the first time to give time to complete a basic language course .
in addition , those who come without russian language knowledge will be offered work in areas that do not require active communication with people .
the ministry of the interior does not put arms from the illegal market back into circulation
the share of crime involving legal weapons is extremely low
the russian ministry of the interior is proposing to toughen up the law for owners of civil weapons .
this is the reaction of authorities to recent incidents : click shots at weddings , where there were no casualties , and the massacre staged by moscow lawyer dmitry vinogradov , resulting in click the death of seven people .
policemen want to prohibit the carrying of weapons in public places and raise the legal age of weapons licensing from 18 to 21 .
the idea was supported by the head of the duma committee on safety and anti-corruption , irina yarovaya , who promised that the amendments to the law on weapons will be brought to the state duma in the near future .
not everyone is happy that the russian authorities are trying to fight the problem by &quot; tightening the screws . &quot;
an open letter appeared online , whose authors - representatives of different social rifle organizations - demand to abandon the &quot; senseless toughening . &quot;
the percentage of crime involving registered weapons is minimal , said criminal lawyer vasily lesnikov to bbc russia .
according to the ministry of the interior &apos;s statistics , 142 crimes using firearms registered with law enforcement agencies have been committed in the six months of 2012 , whereas 1,168,000 crimes have been recorded in total for this period .
authors of the open letter are certain that the toughening of the law in the area of civil weapons will not prevent the criminal from going to the &quot; black &quot; market .
according to them , one can find any weapon at a low price right now .
nonetheless , the ministry of the interior asserts that the situation of the spread of illegal arms is under control .
suppliers : from plants to officers
the &quot; black &quot; market of weapons is replenished through several channels .
there are five such channels , explains retired colonel viktor baranets , who has worked in the ministry of education and the general staff for 10 years .
screenshot of the site that accepts orders for weapons .
first : &quot; army or military loot , &quot; i.e. weapons that were stolen during the fighting in the caucasus .
&quot; weapons were stolen by russian officers and by the caucasians , &quot; says baranets .
next are &quot; black weapons , &quot; stolen by criminals from representatives of defence agencies .
baranets explains that this covers weapons taken from police warehouses and those stolen directly from law enforcement agencies &apos; employees .
illegal arms are taken to be sold from military warehouses .
explosions have often been heard at military warehouses .
&quot; there are proven theories that some of the fires were intentional , in order to cover the shortage , &quot; says the former military man .
manufacturers of weapons make their contribution , according to baranets .
&quot; there are so many private weapons factories now , which do not endure competition on the international market and throw weapons from under the counter to the black market , including in moscow , &quot; says the expert .
another source of the &quot; black &quot; market is trafficking .
an especially high number of guns and machine guns come from poor countries like kyrgyzstan .
&quot; there &apos;s production there , sometimes handmade ; and a mafia has formed , which has organized a stream , &quot; explains the former military man .
where do the weapons come from ?
experts counted the approximate share of each of the sources of supply of illegal weapons to the &quot; black &quot; market .
a report about this was prepared by the centre of problems analysis and public management planning in 2011 .
experts analysed the reports of the department of the interior and rosstat , criminology literature and open data from portals on weapons .
the overwhelming majority of illegal weapons , according to the researchers , comes from the military and security forces .
half of all arms on the black market are there &quot; because of officials , whose work is connected with weapons , &quot; states the report .
according to researchers &apos; data , 17 % of the time the weapons are received from armed conflict areas , 14 % is theft during production , 5 % is &quot; black archaeology . &quot;
a sales consultant of one of the weapons stores , who wished to remain anonymous , asserts that the weapons found by &quot; black &quot; diggers are not being bought any more , because they &apos;re too old .
according to him , dealers go to the military warehouse for a new batch of goods .
one piece , for example a tt gun can be bought from a warrant officer .
it is issued to him , and given through the fence .
&quot; he takes it to the city and sells for 900 euros a piece with two magazines , &quot; he says .
&quot; the truth is that police are aware of everything , that is why periodically , when the crime detection rate is low , it conducts test purchases from illegal weapons merchants , &quot; says the consultant .
&quot; like in a luxury store &quot;
the buyer and seller often find each other through friends .
i looked at sites , blogs , till someone responded , offering me to go to begovaya station , where a man will be waiting for me to take me to the &quot; corner &quot; so we can negotiate .
i found out the price of the weapon only there
military commentator viktor baranets
to get a weapon , i need someone with connections , says the sales consultant . - i have an acquaintance , but i &apos;m not sure it &apos;s reliable .
there are salesmen on labour markets , but one needs to &quot; come &quot; there conditionally &quot; from john doe , who asked to tell that his daughter lost a tooth . &quot;
right now , even if i need a few knuckledusters , i get them through someone i trust .
he also supplies them only to me , because he knows that i won &apos;t give him away .
beginners look for weapons in different ways .
former military man viktor baranets tried himself as a buyer of illegal weapons in the mid-1990 &apos;s , when he was preparing to publish an article about this .
the formulas are still the same , according to him .
he was given an album of pictures with &quot; anything and everything . &quot;
&quot; i felt like i was in a luxury store , &quot; he recalls .
according to baranets , the buyer is not offered a pig in a poke - you can try out everything .
i , the potential client , am not just buying ; we go to the forest with the seller and set a target there .
&quot; i am given the opportunity to shoot , and when i am certain that the weapon is good , we begin to negotiate , &quot; describes the expert .
store on a sofa
internet searches lead to sites and &quot; vkontakte &quot; groups , where weapons &quot; for different purposes &quot; are on offer .
no documents or personal meetings are needed .
&quot; it &apos;s enough to have a certain sum of money , &quot; says the advertisement heading on the website &quot; buy a pistol or rifle . &quot;
users leave their requests and ask questions .
can a minor buy ?
&quot; without a license , of course , &quot; asks user &quot; john &quot; ( name is changed ) .
&quot; want to buy a tt , moscow , &quot; concisely requests &quot; fedorenkov . &quot;
federal security service now spread a big network of fake sites and there are tons of potential buyers of military weapons .
people come like hungry fish to bait , and then mine coal in siberia .
military commentator and former military man viktor baranets
i heard about this : normally the site is registered outside the area of applicability of the laws of russia .
people accept orders .
the buyer pays at an atm .
&quot; in response , a photo is sent with instructions on where the weapon is hidden , &quot; says press secretary of the rights to weapons non-governmental organization dmitry kislov .
viktor baranets confirms that after leaving a request on the site you can stay without a weapon and go to jail .
the federal security service now spreads a big network of fake sites and there are tons of potential buyers of military weapons .
&quot; people are like hungry fish after bait , and end in siberia mining coal , &quot; - he says .
makarov for 100 dollars
when buying illegal firearms , 100 to 900 dollars is enough according to experts .
according to dmitry kislov from the rights to weapons organization , a makarov gun can be acquired for 100-300 dollars .
the wait time is a month to a month and a half .
it is shipped from long-term storage warehouses by the mid-level management of these warehouses .
according to official statistics of the authorities , the number of such crimes in russia on the whole dropped 7 % as compared to january-october 2011 , amounting to 22,900 , while the number of cases of theft and extortion of weapons , ammunition , explosive substances and explosive devices dropped by 7.8 % .
fast-food and supermarket workers are on strike in the u.s.a.
up to a fourth of all american teenagers have worked the cash register at mcdonald &apos;s at one time or another
in the last few days , there is a wave of protest actions in the u.s.a. against low salaries in supermarkets of the walmart chain and popular fast food chain restaurants like mcdonald &apos;s , burger king , taco bell , wendy &apos;s and kentucky fried chicken .
right now , nobody is able to predict whether this wave will turn into the ninth wave or it is destined to fizzle out early .
actions are being supported by unions and a series of left-wing organizations .
in addition to increasing the low wages received by employees of walmart and fast food chains , the goal of the protesters is to create unions within them .
this sector of the economy is not covered by any union movement yet .
46 cents a year ?
actions began last week after thanksgiving , on black friday , when massive sales drew millions of people in america , sometimes accompanied by clashes .
on this day , some employees of the walmart corporation , which employs 2.2 million people around the world , left their workplaces and picketed together with the unions and left-wing activists from the corporation stores that sell products to people on low-to-medium incomes .
walmart sells everything imaginable , from diapers , hunting rifles and car batteries , to vacuum cleaners , eggs and milk .
products in its stores are on average 8 % to 27 % cheaper than in major supermarkets .
so many low-paid walmart employees shop only at their workplace .
availability and assortment made walmart one of the biggest american corporations .
according to critics , walmart can afford to sell the products cheaply partly because it pays little to its employees .
these latter also complain about hard work conditions , for example lack of lift trucks and hand-held scanners .
protesters on black friday demanded a salary increase and complained that the cost of medical insurance provided by the corporation went from 30 to 100 dollars a month .
a typical walmart employee , receiving 9.5 dollars / hour , cannot afford this .
scientists from the berkeley university in california argue that if walmart raises the average salary to 12 dollars / hour , it will cost the corporation 3.2 billion dollars .
this is about 1.1 % more than it spends on salaries right now .
if walmart fully shifts the cost of increasing wages to the shoulders of consumers , each visit to the store will cost only 46 cents more .
in one year , they will only spend 12.39 dollars more than now .
walmart supporters happily note that the protests took place in nine states and did not cause any damage at all to the corporation .
black friday continued in its stores from 8 in the evening on thursday till midnight the next day , and during the period walmart sold about 5000 products a second .
in total , its cash registers conducted nearly 100 million transactions on black friday .
representative of the corporation , dan fogelman , asserted in an interview with a left-wing site , the huffington post , that a total of &quot; less than five &quot; walmart employees left the workplace , and the protest act was just &quot; another pr trick &quot; of the union that organized it .
&quot; free cash register ! &quot;
protests continued this week in new york , where their object was not walmart ( they &apos;re not so welcome in the progressive city , that is why they don &apos;t exist here yet ) , but mcdonald &apos;s and other cheap restaurants .
mcdonald &apos;s says that it sells billions of portions , and despite this it doesn &apos;t even give you sick days or pay you for honest work !
jumaane williams , member of the city council of new york
at the moment , the minimum salary according to federal and ny law is 7.25 dollars an hour .
fast food restaurants increase it with time , but very little . on average their ordinary employees in new york earn 8.90 dollars / hour .
nobody earns less in this expensive city .
i cannot understand how one can survive in new york on this money .
once upon a time , almost a fourth of american teenagers went through mcdonald &apos;s , working part-time after school , living with parents .
few saw this as a source of living or planned to stay there for long .
now i continuously come across interviews with mcdonald &apos;s employees , who complain that they have to survive on this salary and sometimes even feed their children .
on the other hand , there is a comment on the wall street journal forum , whose author notes that it is irresponsible to have children if you do not know how you will feed them .
participants of the protest that began at 6.30 a.m. on thursday near the mcdonald &apos;s on 40th street and madison avenue demanded that cashiers and cooks of the fast food chain be paid at least 15 dollars / hour , i.e. more than double their present wages .
they also demanded the creation of unions in the fast food industry .
american law prohibits the administration from preventing this or punishing activists of the union movement by nagging or firing .
on the other hand , the administration does not often ease their life .
but for objective reasons it is hard to cover fast food with a union .
one of them is the unusual turnover of employees .
disagreeing
noisy protests began on this day in a number of other cheap restaurants in manhattan .
the highlight of the action was the afternoon meeting near mcdonald &apos;s by times square , where several local democratic politicians spoke out . one of them , jumaane williams , said : &quot; mcdonald &apos;s claims it sells billions of portions , and despite this it doesn &apos;t even give you sick days or pay you for honest work ! &quot;
demonstrators were supported by other prominent ny democrats , like bill de blasio , a candidate for ny city mayor , who said : &quot; we need to voice our joint support for the fast food employees , so that they can achieve fair wages and economic wellbeing , which every new yorker deserves ! . &quot;
according to the new york times , this was the biggest action of this kind in the history of the american fast food industry .
but only a few hundred people took part in it , and many of them were not fast food employees , which comprise tens of thousands of people in new york .
it is unclear right now whether this will spark a mass movement .
&quot; at the moment , the mind cannot be deceived too well &quot;
among modern technology fans a popular topic is augmented reality , lately seen primarily through the prism of special glasses .
at first , a functional model was shown by google in the summer , at its annual conference . then , in november , it was announced that microsoft filed an application for patent too .
however , according to the conversation with the leader of the group of interactive 3d technologies in the cambridge laboratory of microsoft , shahram izadi , glasses are a thing of the past for scientists in this company .
they are drawn by the prospect of manipulating virtual objects in the air with bare hands , creating virtual open spaces .
- please tell us , in simple terms , about the work your research group does .
- we work on the interaction of people with machines , at the same time trying to expand the boundaries of this interaction .
while people in general are stuck at working with pixels on a flat screen and sometimes pointing fingers at them .
we want to look 5-10 years into the future and predict cardinal changes in this interaction .
for example , xbox and kinect sensors are a step forward . almost no xbox is sold without kinect today , because everyone likes control by gestures .
- what else awaits us in the future ?
- despite the fact that kinect shifted the interaction to the physical level , much still occurs on a flat screen , sometimes in 3d .
information entry has improved ( the system receives more data ) , but output still needs to get better .
we are trying to change this , working on truly three-dimensional display systems based on various technologies , including projection technologies .
we need to let the computer world into our physical world , make it more tangible .
but for this , we need to identify both the user and the space around him .
then we will be able to supplement the real world with virtual objects in a much more convenient form .
above all , get rid of these stupid virtual reality helmets !
- what do you think about voice control ?
it &apos;s a popular thing , but is it overestimated ?
- it clearly cannot be called a cure-for-all - there &apos;s a question of privacy , because we do not always want to let the others know about our actions and intentions .
in reality , all types of interaction with computers are good , but each in their own niche .
for example , we had a project to control devices in public places , in which we thought about movements , not wide movements , but small , reserved ones .
movements were not recorded by a camera , but by a hand bracelet that determined the movement of bones and muscles .
it &apos;s big right now , but in theory it can be reduced to the size of a hand watch .
in general , the future lies in the mixed control , e.g. movement + voice .
- what do you mean ?
- for example , how would you ask me to give you this bottle of water ?
you will talk and show at the same time .
- usually i just say .
- oh , that will be very hard to detect .
- so you want to make the users adapt to what the machine can or cannot do at that moment ?
- not necessarily , but it is a mutual approximation .
i think in the near future , we will mainly work on developing new sensors that will enable more precise determination of a person &apos;s reaction .
this could be , e.g. laser sensors . they have a decent depth resolution , which is very important .
- if we talk about your work with xbox kinect sensors , what are your complaints about modern cameras ?
not enough resolution , depth or something else ?
- in general , the current generation is what we can base ourselves on in working on three-dimensional recognition .
of course , it would be good to have eight mega pixels with 1000 k / s speed .
it &apos;s not just the mega pixels , though , but the quality of the matrix and the depth .
from the latter point of view , all current technologies are not good enough for us - this adds work to the algorithm designers .
so it &apos;s important to remember about the resolution on the x , y , but also the z axis .
speed , the number of images per second , is also very important .
human movements are relatively dynamic , and the current 30 k / s is really not enough , especially for gestures .
steven bathiche from our redmond laboratory created a touch sensor with a regulated processing delay from 1 to 100 ms , while modern serial sensors are closer to the latter indicator ( 60-100 ) .
not everyone understands how this affects the interaction between man and machine .
in my work , it would be very useful to have a device that does not require touching and would have more images per second .
- does the number of cameras need to be increased ?
- in kinect there are three cameras now , one of which is actually an infrared emitter and the second one , the recipient of the signal .
the third one is actually a regular sensor of visible range .
it is not applied to determine the object &apos;s depth .
potentially , a large number of cameras could solve the problem ...
or make it worse , by increasing the required volume of calculations .
it would be nice to create a flexible analogue kinect , play with the flexion of camera disposition and see how this will help in three-dimensional determination of the position .
- as far as i remember , microsoft did not present its glasses to the public , unlike google .
don &apos;t you think this is one of the most promising platforms from the point of view the everyday use of augmented reality technologies ?
- certainly it is not very convenient to walk around with a smart phone in your raised hands all the time , but i think that the coolest option would be &quot; transitional &quot; augmented reality , where you could shift from glasses to smart phone , projection display , and everywhere else based on a cloud platform .
glasses are a very personal device , that is their strength ( private things are seen only by you ) and , at the same time , their weakness - augmented reality based on glasses will not allow you to work on virtual objects together with other people .
- let us imagine for a minute that manipulation of virtual holographic objects in the air is available not only to tony stark from ironman , but to a regular person .
there is one problem with this idea that the critics often point out : no tactile feedback !
hands feel nothing !
what answers does your group prepare to this challenge ?
- in my lectures i often say that augmented reality is the seventh consecutive attempt at the interaction between man and machine .
i think that the eighth will probably be the addition of tactile sensations .
for now , one of the interesting tricks is to use the second hand as a sort of matrix for the image .
it is great at registering pushes !
but there are technologies that are really aimed at giving these &quot; images in the air &quot; a sense of tangibility , for example , the interference of several targeted ultrasound rays in a specific point where the finger is located gives a sensation , but very weak right now , as if someone blew on your fingertip .
there are also wrist bracelets that affect the nerve endings in fingers , which is also a promising area .
- have you tried to deceive the mind ?
to force it to think that it feels something that it should be feeling when it sees something ?
- this is a good idea and we haven &apos;t tried this yet .
it conceals one challenge that will not be solved so quickly - how to force a person , who is physically in a very limited space to believe that he is walking along an open , almost limitless space ; we are working on the concept of treadmills ( not at all like in clubs ) , moving platforms , and giant balloons .
so far deceiving the mind has had limited success , there &apos;s work for many years to come .
that &apos;s what makes working on virtual reality so attractive to researchers - many things are in their very beginnings .
judgement calls instead of culture - rosbalt.ru
rosbalt continues the project st. petersburg avant-garde , dedicated to residents who are ahead , in the avant-garde of culture and art .
this top list already includes outstanding figures of the art scene of st. petersburg , whose achievements reach beyond the scope of the city , often recognized in europe , bypassing fame in russia .
the new player in rosbalt - the bold artist kirill miller .
the whole city knows kirill miller , a bearded man dressed all in red , who can be seen by the russian museum , or by the summer garden , or at fashionable parties and shows .
kirill miller &apos;s work always brings in crowds of people , no matter where they are exhibited .
kirill miller is one of the purely st. petersburg social and philosophical storytellers and creators of new mythology .
kirill miller is an outstanding man of the st. petersburg avant-garde of the late 80 &apos;s early 90 &apos;s .
moreover , he is a city man , who makes people smile on the street and lifts up everyone &apos;s spirit .
recently he took up the street organ and became st. petersburg &apos;s music man , because he was ready for this complex role with all his bohemian existence , philosophy and image .
- kirill , why do you walk around the city all in red , not yellow or turquoise , for example ?
- i chose the colour red as a fashion designer engaged in look and image .
in this world , red is a compromise between artist , image-maker and society .
although in society , everything that is not grey causes aggression and agitation of the bad kind .
but my provocations are aimed at starting conversation .
the whole history of my provocative actions is an invitation to discussion .
- when did you realise that you must be an artist ?
- at an exhibition in the nevsky house of culture , where my work was displayed .
it became clear to me that this is my path .
then , the wave of older free , unofficial artists was gone , while new , free artists like me were not understood .
i became friends with the artists of the new wave , with post-gaza-nevsky style artists ( &quot; post-gazonevschina &quot; ) , which led to pushkinskaya-10 , and the wave was no longer .
i &apos;m drawn to theatre , clothing , music , all genres except for literature .
- and all this has been united in your art-clinic ... - it was important for me to find myself in the centre of the culture of st. petersburg , where all the best creative forces should come together .
in 1995 , i occupied the territory on pushkinskaya-10 , and while the renovation work had not started , there was a musical and creative club , a bohemian club , the house of the st. petersburg bohemia .
many were born there : nomy , tequila jazz , i remember when shnur was brought there with the van gogh &apos;s ear project .
shnur and his friends lip sang easy songs , wearing tight leotards , and the now trendy composer igor vdovin was with them .
when the group began to play live , it became leningrad .
trakhtenberg was the presenter of many programs before hali-gali times .
we gave them trakhtenberg , and a great career was on its way , but the basic education and mentoring he received from us .
gallery d 137 , griboyedov club - all these echo the art-clinic .
that is where our staff and regular customers left for .
i am a hero of the last century , when culture meant something .
in 2000 , there was a poll in the press , for the people of our city prize .
i was nominated artist of the year , my climax came to an end .
in the new times , it is uncomfortable to work by old rules . i &apos;m a man of truth , honesty and culture of the last century .
in our time , it is easy to become popular , but culture and popularity are different . you can be popular , but not very cultural .
- your work is marked by a recognizable style .
- many of my works are hits , with clearly reflected relevance and acuity .
i will have a programme exhibit , &quot; russian museum in clowns . &quot;
clowns are a timeless category .
i was social before , now it is painful and scary to be like that .
but everything is blurred in clowns , tragedy is removed .
i like grotesque , i have grotesque ideas .
for example , saving the world by totalitarian changing of clothes by order .
nowadays , people are judged by appearance , not their inner qualities .
who knows , maybe you cannot shake his hand , and need to spit in his face .
and the lie will go away with the help of changing clothes .
- recently we saw you in the role of music man . - a cultural city should have such a character .
who fits the role better than i ?
- maybe commercial art can also be beautiful ?
- nowadays , commercial art should be neat , considerate , sweet .
there is a disintegration of cultures .
people used to get together in flocks , bohemians liked one thing , the simple people , something else .
now , everybody is divided into micro societies , it &apos;s hard to be liked by everyone .
i am not a hundred dollar bill to please all .
now you have to think who you will please .
now , each cult hero has 100 fans .
- but several thousand come to stas mikhailov !
- the cast-outs go to see him , the sexual-social sphere is at work there .
but 300 people will come for culture , not 10,000 . in the end , there &apos;s less management , money , everything dies out .
i have fans ; the main thing is not to betray them , not to spoil what i have earned .
in my youth , i painted such art that one collector had it hanging on the same wall with falk and larionov .
i started with paintings , which people usually end with .
concepts are often mixed up these days .
people say : spiritual culture , consumer culture .
there is no culture in consumerism , it &apos;s &quot; from another opera . &quot;
i am a man of yesterday &apos;s culture . i grew up on examples of artists who lived poor and died in poverty , refused money for the sake of painting .
this is the culture i &apos;m for .
- kirill , what is st. petersburg missing ?
- good cultural experts .
there is such a thing : an official for culture .
but not everyone can be engaged in culture .
under the right rulers everything was different . kings may not have understood culture very well , but they understood that they needed to stick with the right experts .
there are good consultants in moscow right now .
here in st. petersburg , there are people who could be experts , but they are pushed to the side , because more advanced experts are needed , who will correctly evaluate these experts and give way to them .
judgement calls are what thrive now .
even erart , but they &apos;re different because they say honestly that we don &apos;t accept all modern art . there are some artists , who need to find other museums for themselves .
- what does st. petersburg mean to you ?
- st. petersburg is not a cultural capital , moscow has much more culture , there is bedrock there .
it &apos;s hard for art to grow on our rocks .
we need cultural bedrock , but we now have more writers than readers . this is wrong .
in europe , there are many curious people , who go to art exhibits , concerts .
here , this layer is thin .
we need to make art fashionable , as it was in the beginning of last century .
the project is supported by the st. petersburg grant .
give birth in space
the earth is in danger .
global warming or an encounter with a killer asteroid .
caravans of cosmic ships with humans on board leave in search of a replacement planet .
to save humanity , the question is how to propagate our race in conditions of weightlessness or on that replacement planet ?
i think the choice is small .
there are only two actual planets that can be explored even hypothetically .
&quot; venus and mars , &quot; says senior researcher of the p.k. shternberg state astronomy institute ( gaish ) vladimir surdin .
but while conditions on mars are more appropriate for life , venus has 500-degree temperatures .
life is possible only at a high altitude or on the orbit of venus ... in space .
the question of reproduction in space began with flora .
half a century ago , experiments were run on plants .
four generations of peas grown in orbit were no different from their earth counterparts .
then , insects were bred in orbit , small fruit flies .
in 1979 , quail eggs were sent to space , to check how an embryo develops in weightlessness .
we get an absolutely normal chick .
but then the problem begins .
&quot; the problem is related to the fact that this chick needs to find support , needs to get on its feet and start moving , &quot; explains head of the laboratory of the institute of medical and biological problems ( imbp ) ran vladimir sychev .
having found no support , chicks were tumbling around in disorder .
after 10 hours , the newborns experienced complete atrophy of instincts .
chicks did not react to light and sound .
and the problem was that they simply died after four days .
&quot; we bred chicks twice there , and then stopped , because it is impossible to work with them there , &quot; says vladimir sychev , confirming the failure of the experiment with chicks in space .
the last biological &quot; mini-ark &quot; with animals flew into orbit 16 years ago .
in spring 2013 , experiments will continue .
however , only same-sex beings will be on the bion bio-satellite .
there was an experiment with rats , who were sent to space with foetus .
in principle , there was nothing extraordinary there .
&quot; this was on bio-satellites , but again , it was a singular experiment and such research needs to be conducted , &quot; says vladimir sychev .
after landing , the cosmic rats had babies .
but it &apos;s hard to solve the problem of reproduction directly in space .
it &apos;s not an easy task .
animals simply cannot follow their sexual instinct , when they &apos;re out of their familiar environment .
in principle , people , unlike animals , can .
homo sapiens have abstract thinking , and are able to create a fitting emotional background .
such experiments are not conducted for ethical reasons .
but women have been flying to space for 50 years .
the biggest risk was for tereshkova .
the most valuable thing for humanity is the female body .
our &quot; seagull &quot; left and nobody on earth could tell whether she would be ok after flying to space .
whether she will be able to give birth after this flight .
&quot; nobody answered this question , &quot; says rocket and space industry veteran , vakhtang vachnadze .
in june 1964 , only a year after flying to space , the first woman in space valentina tereshkova gave birth to a daughter .
the child &apos;s father , andrian nikolaev , was also a cosmonaut .
in 1988 , the second woman cosmonaut , svetlana savitskaya , who went into orbit twice and even worked in open space , gave birth to a son .
however , the risk remains .
we have few , very few cosmonauts , who were ok and had healthy children after long flights .
&quot; what &apos;s more , it is dangerous even for orbital flights , &quot; adds pilot and cosmonaut , hero of the ussr , hero of russia , valery poliakov .
and yet , humanity needs to seek out some new avenues in biotechnologies , protection from radiation , creation of artificial gravity .
hydro-laboratory of cpk - mandatory phase of training for a flight .
here , cosmonauts practice skills of working in open space in zero-gravity conditions .
water imitates weightlessness .
if for adults water is a foreign medium , although comfortable , for infants it is a native element .
small amphibians seem to confirm that life came to land from the ocean .
there is a connection with the fact that an infant spends about 9 months in amniotic fluid in the womb ; it is easier to get used to water after that .
in principle , it is logical , because only two weeks pass from birth until the first bathing .
&quot; this is very little time to forget something , &quot; says infant swimming instructor marina aksenova .
in other words , if for a newborn weightlessness is more natural , a woman needs gravity , earth &apos;s pull .
stomach and pelvic muscles usually quickly degenerate in weightlessness ; the ability to push out the embryo is reduced .
well , let &apos;s assume that childbirth stimulators will work out .
maybe she will push out the baby in a special room .
&quot; then what ? &quot; - asks valery poliakov about this non-trivial issue .
on the other hand , a baby also needs artificial gravity .
when a body does not feel the earth &apos;s pull , it does not form the skeletal and muscular system .
it is not possible to dress a newborn in orbit into a special loading suit for training , as they do with adults .
he will simply not have what he needs to survive .
&quot; and this experiment , that we will go for by allowing the birth of a child in a foreign environment , will lead to us bringing a handicapped , completely unadapted human to earth , &quot; predicts chairman of the committee on bioethics imbp ran igor pestov .
for the moment , birth of children in space is just a theory .
however , with time , it will become reality , when earthlings will go to a faraway planet in their ships , and it will become the home for their offspring , who were born in space .
nku head : svarc system audit has failed because of politicians .
the czech republic has sound control bodies and a good standard of legislation when it comes to public contracts , but it lags behind in their application .
this was said by miloslav kala , vice-president of the supreme audit office ( nku ) in an interview for aktualne.cz.
&quot; the law will never be perfect , but its application should be just - this is what we are missing , in my opinion , &quot; states kala , commenting on the current situation .
similar conclusions are also reached by the joint audit from the czech and german auditors .
as an example of improper practice , they cite petr necas &apos;s approach to the so-called &quot; svarc system . &quot;
the prime minister recently claimed that the ods will not be burdening business owners with its checks - so is it forbidden or allowed ?
&quot; the law must be set out one way or the other and if it prohibits something , then even the government &apos;s head cannot prevent the work of its department , which is duty-bound to monitor and enforce , &quot; asserts kala .
at the audit committee &apos;s session in the house of deputies , you spoke about a joint project between the czech republic and germany , within which legislation relating to public contracts in both countries was compared .
what exactly was this about ?
this is about parallel auditing , which we began around two years ago .
simply put , this is about how european legislation governs the handling of public contracts , followed by individual state legislations and then the actual practice itself .
we brought all this together , and although the audit is not yet complete , some very interesting differences have become apparent - in general terms , our legislation might be even &quot; more concise and complete , &quot; however the actual practice is in certain aspects better in germany .
this confirms that creating more and more concise rules is not enough , and that attention must be paid to the actual application of these laws .
what does this project actually help you with , and what do you think its outcome will bring ?
this kind of joint audit could contribute to curtailing these efforts to specify our law , to reduce and perfect boundaries , when it does not have such a positive impact .
economy means acquiring the required thing at a reasonable ( which does not always mean the lowest ) price , so that profiteering and possible criminal proceedings may be avoided .
however , just because we have reduced the order limits , does not mean something will be procured .
the system might become overloaded with the amount of paperwork , and those , who wish to look for loopholes in it , will be able to take advantage far more easily than if the limits had remained higher .
these are domestic problems about the practical implementation of legislation relating to public contracts .
how does the audit system work in germany ?
is there an office like the nku , or is it organised differently ?
as far as the office is concerned , the bundesrechnungshof functions like our nku , and it is organised like ours , it also has a committee although it is appointed slightly differently , but basically both offices operate similarly .
powers are also similar to a degree , though of course germany is organised federally , so these courts of auditors are also at the member state levels - in this respect their system slightly differs from our own .
the brh can only audit federal money , known to us as state funds .
public funds , which , for us , are administered by regional and municipal authorities , are audited by the federal courts of auditors there .
when it comes to their legislation , is it more straightforward than ours ?
overall , i would not like to make a comparison without any specific data , nevertheless in certain respects germany serves as an example , but it certainly cannot be said that it is better in every aspect .
is this because , perhaps , they have better enforcement ?
that is certainly not true , but again , i prefer not to make such comparisons .
it should be said that even in a country we perceive as exemplary , they encounter a whole range of problems .
if that were not the case , they would gain nothing from working with our office , would they ?
coming back to domestic legislation , what did the amendment to public contracts legislation mean for your office , is its impact being felt already ?
the period since the amendment came into force has been quite short , so it has not manifested itself in our audit work yet .
since we carry out our audits ex-post , a certain delay has to be taken into account .
as yet , we have only observed it within the process of preparing future audits - we have launched our new &quot; fiscal failure risk detection &quot; system , with which we have processed almost 14 thousand public contracts , and these have been analysed - that is where changes will clearly be seen , because of the changed limits , the adjusted conditions governing certain types of selection processes , and so on .
so do you see the adoption of this legislation as a benefit , or rather as another burden on the bureaucratic system ?
i believe this legislation is a step in the right direction , and i hope this will be confirmed .
a problem , which may arise here , is that the law becomes &quot; too constrained &quot; and will not be enforceable .
under the previous rules , parties being audited were already bound by their audit provider ( for example , in the case of regional operational programmes , the regional office ) to the fact that every infringement of public contracts law means a breach of budgetary discipline .
is it worth constraining the law in this way , in that case ?
i do not think this is the way .
the system should prevent those who want to attack and abuse it , but not penalise those , who make a mistake on a technicality , which does not affect the final decision .
this kind of system will only increase pressure on bureaucracy .
so how can we get out of this ?
let &apos;s see where this dead-end takes us .
the prime minister recently said the ods will not be burdening businessmen with audits of the so-called &quot; svarc system &quot; - what does this mean ?
is the svarc system prohibited or allowed ?
the law must be set out one way or the other , and if it prohibits something , then even the government &apos;s head cannot prevent the work of its department , which is duty-bound to monitor and enforce .
he may say : &quot; let us change this law and relax it , &quot; but he cannot say we should pretend it is not there .
the law on public contracts has relatively strict rules about the formalities which must be adhered to - which is the right way to ensure public tenders are protected .
on the other hand , it is a tragedy , when a bidder with the best offer is excluded on a technicality .
the law will never be perfect , but its application should be just - this is what we are missing , in my opinion .
roads are icy in places , but mostly passable .
in several places in the czech republic , the main roads are icy and snowy .
however , the majority of roads are passable , with extra care needed in places .
carlsbad region
in the carlsbad region , the roads have been usable this morning , though in some places they were icy and snowy .
the temperature has dropped to between five and ten degrees below zero , though it is expected to get warm slightly during the day .
snowing in the region has stopped , and only a thin layer of snow remains in the lowlands .
however , the ridges of the krusne mountains have around 30 centimetres of snow .
in some locations there is limited visibility due to mist , according to the local highway service .
the r6 high-speed motorway and primary roads in the region are now usable without restriction .
caution is , of course , appropriate , for example , on certain bridges , where the surface can be icy and slippery .
all secondary and tertiary roads are also passable , including mountain roads .
in certain stretches of these roads there might be remaining frozen and compacted snow patches .
above all , at higher levels , extra care should be taken while driving .
pardubice and hradec kralove region
on some roads in eastern bohemia , there might be a risk of black ice , at higher altitudes and in the mountains there might be a layer of compacted snow , according to the road and motorway directorate .
the highway service is warning the drivers against black ice , which might occur at higher altitudes of the pardubice region in particular .
black ice may occur around lanskroun , usti nad orlici , policky , svitavy , and vysoke myto , and particularly on secondary and tertiary roads .
the i / 43 and i / 34 roads have been chemically treated around svitavy .
snow is particularly affecting the roads in the krkonose and orlicke mountains .
at higher altitudes , there is a compacted snow layer on the roads around rychnov nad kneznou and trutnov .
in eastern bohemia the day will be mostly clear to partly cloudy , and dry .
temperatures will be between minus three and plus one degree celsius mostly , with a light wind .
pilsen region
the roads in the pilsen region have been usable this morning , with extra care needed in some places . drivers should take the weather conditions into account .
the morning will be frosty , with temperatures ranging between three and nine degrees below zero .
due to the existing snow and subsequent drop in temperature , certain roads may be icy .
drivers should expect mist in places , though visibility will gradually improve .
this information was reported by the region &apos;s highway service .
the d5 motorway is drivable almost without restriction , but the road services recommend extra caution between the 80th and 131st kilometre marks .
most primary road surfaces are dry and frost-free .
southern areas of the pilsen and tachov regions may have icy patches .
secondary and tertiary roads are wet , and may therefore also have icy patches .
drivers should be cautious especially on less frequented roads in the bohemian forest .
olomouc region
drivers should expect snow slush on the roads if heading for the higher parts of the olomouc region .
it is a result of the chemical treatment carried out at cervenohorkse sedlo and on the way to videlsky kriz .
snowploughs were brought out by falling snow overnight , the sumperk region , according to highway maintenance , got around three centimetres of snow .
in other parts of the region , roads are mainly passable without restrictions .
&quot; in the sumperk region , traces of snow have remained at the highest altitudes .
drivers should expect snow slush at cervenohorske sedlo in the direction of jesenik , &quot; the dispatch officer for the sumperk highway service told ctk today .
their jesenik counterparts also made an outing overnight ; the roads all the way to the highest altitudes are now clear and wet following the chemical treatment , according to them .
the olomouc region &apos;s roads are usable without restriction , while in the area of sternberk drivers should beware in wooded areas , where roads have remained wet .
usti nad labem region , liberec region
since this morning , the snowploughs have reported several places , which are difficult to pass in northern bohemia .
besides certain snow-covered places , or some icy frost patches , the mountain road from telnice to kninice in the usti nad labem region is also closed , according to the police database .
temperatures remain below zero and roads are likely to remain snowy and icy . in the lowlands , however , particularly southeast of the central bohemian uplands , there are no problems and roads are mostly dry .
no traffic hold-ups have so far been reported .
icy frost patches have been reported in particular by road maintenance around steti .
according to meteorologists the conditions for this were perfect - rain and melting snow during the day , with a clear night and freezing temperatures .
adverse conditions are expected on the main sections of the i / 13 road between the usti nad labem and liberec regions .
the closure of the telnice to kninice road was caused by bent tree branches , which were weighed down to road level by snowfall .
simon ornest : at the concerts we want a fusion of positive energy
what is your opinion on the end of the world that might come in less than a month ?
it is just another startler , which we like to latch on to .
together with the tap tap band , we tend to joke about it , saying that we might be the only band on earth that could draw enough positive energy to hold off or avert the end of the world completely .
in december you are even organising a unique series of three concerts against the end of the world .
can you give our readers some details on this ?
this is a nationwide fund-raising event , which we have been planning for the past two years .
we decided to make use of the marketing potential of the end of the mayan calendar , due on the 21st of december at 11 : 10 a.m.
on the eve , the 20th of december , at 9pm , 3 concerts will take place in parallel in prague , brno , and ostrava .
they will end at around the time when kiribati island in the pacific , which is 12 hours ahead of us , reaches the end of the mayan calendar .
who came up with this idea ?
initially it was probably my idea , later we worked all the details out with our designer , honza augusta .
apart from the fact that we want to collect enough positive energy to stop the end of the world , we also want to allow ourselves and the public to spare some thoughts for the state of our planet , when we , one day , hand it over to our children .
on the occasion of the end of the mayan calendar , we have also prepared a range of unique items , shoes , t-shirts , bags , and original keys against the end of the world , which can be purchased at www.e-tap.cz to support our cause .
the tap tap band , together with other artists , also recorded the so-called anthem against the end of the world , called &quot; the end of the world is cancelled . &quot;
it is already well received on youtube , will it figure at the fund-raising concerts ?
of course , for the grand finale , as long as the world does not end beforehand .
it will be sung by all the artists at all the three concerts at the same time .
the anthem will also be featured in a unique live broadcast on czech television .
the words were written and the role of jesus in the video clip was played by tomas hanak , xindl x also sings in it ...
how did you end up working with them ?
we collaborate also with other personalities of the czech cultural scene , due to organising a lot of fund-raising events and concerts ...
we try to really get them involved in these projects .
it turns out that most of them are interested and enjoy working with us .
what will the proceeds from the concert against the end of the world go to ?
equipping the wheelchair-accessible educational studeo centre , which is already in its sixth year , in collaboration with the citizens association tap from the jedlicka institute for the disabled .
tutors come in regularly to spend time with the jedlicka institute &apos;s students and run activities , which they enjoy and interest them .
the students themselves do not have the funds to afford tutors , so we try to provide this for them in this way .
within the construction project at the jedlicka institute , a separate building is planned , which we can move into with this project .
every concert sees the appearance of several bands and artists .
how do you select them ?
we have tried to compile a programme , which speaks for all ages , including children .
for example , in prague , chinaski , support lesbiens , illustratosphere with dan barta , the tap tap , marian bango and jiri suchy will appear .
further details can be found at www.kpks.cz.
are you planning any more &quot; bombastic events &quot; in the future ?
in may , we will be making our first appearance in the prague spring , so we will definitely be preparing a good line-up with some interesting guests .
next year , we would like to play at the czech national house in new york , and i personally - since we will be in the usa - would like to build in appearances in washington and chicago .
your international plans are not modest ; you have already performed , for instance , in madrid , brussels , london , and moscow .
the tap tap is nonetheless a band composed of handicapped people .
how do you cope with these journeys in terms of logistics and organisation ?
it is not as scary as it might seem at first .
we have five members in electric wheelchairs , which must be transported in the luggage area ; we must also , of course , carry around with us a lot of luggage and instrument cases ...
nevertheless , we have so far managed it without any problems , csa and british airways were well prepared for us , so much so that , on occasion , i was quite surprised .
even in moscow , which we have just returned from , it all went smoothly .
thanks to these international trips , you will have had a chance to compare specific accessibility issues , public attitudes to disability and so on .
what have been your experiences so far ?
after madrid , luxembourg , london and other places , where everything functions better than here , we have just witnessed that in the east everything is still in its beginnings .
compared to prague , moscow is rather inaccessible ; it still remains unusual there for a person in an electric wheelchair to be travelling around the city centre on his or her own .
obvious things , such as giving wheelchairs priority in lifts , are not commonplace there .
fortunately , citizens associations are emerging there too that are trying to draw attention to the problems faced by people with disabilities .
and on the other hand , where do we still lag behind more advanced countries ?
there are a lot of things , which we still lag behind on ...
it is important to mention that improvements to the current situation always depend on the efforts of the people who are affected .
in london and madrid it is completely natural for people with serious handicaps to be independently out in public , and they can use the toilets , go to the museum , or wherever ...
it is less common there for large groups of people with disabilities to actively take part in social life , in this respect with the tap tap we are a step ahead !
public respect or accessibility is one thing , but it is only when we can become famous athletes , artists , actors , politicians , or lawyers that things will really begin to change .
so far there are only exceptional cases , people who are strong-willed .
the tap tap band is currently very popular , but let us look back a few years , what prompted you in 1998 to form it ?
i began my job as a tutor at the jedlicka institute , where i was surrounded by a lot of young people , who were interested in doing something .
since i am a musician myself - among others i play the saxophone - i started a music club with a colleague .
with time , as our moderator ladya angelovic says , it has grown a little out of our control ( laugh ) .
your popularity has only come about in the last few years , or am i mistaken ?
it is true that we have been helped by creating ties to famous singers and also by our proactive work on promoting the band .
we realised that work , which goes on unseen can be like it never existed .
thanks to funds from the european union we can even afford top quality tutors , equipment and so on .
was it your goal to take the tap tap to such heights ?
from the outset , i felt there was potential to do things a little differently .
show business is filled with things , where one imitates the other .
it is logical in its own way ; all new things are taken in hesitantly and take a long time .
things , which are unique , are few and far between , but i would dare to claim that tap tap is one of those things .
a person &apos;s first impression on seeing you is , of course , pity - it is a natural reaction ...
but that pity is simply wasted , because handicapped people are not abandoned and suffering beings , who need to be pitied .
they are people , who can fully live life and blossom , assuming , of course , that they have the right environment for it .
i say that when a person with a handicap succeeds in something , it is not just progress for them but for society as a whole .
has your success also been helped by your firm hand as a leader , as many people are suggesting ?
if we want to achieve top class work , we must be uncompromising in many things and require a certain level of discipline .
i think this is to be expected .
some people come to us with a romantic idea and their head in the clouds , and when they find out they have to go to rehearsals twice a week , attend practice sessions and put up with a lot of time travelling to concerts , their enthusiasm quickly disappears .
that is how it works everywhere , with every group that wants to work and wants to achieve something .
the tap tap band currently has twenty members .
how many of those were present at the beginning in 1998 ?
only one , ladya angelovic .
we are an open group , people come and people go , this is unavoidable .
those who have the interest and the drive will always find our door open .
the event takes place the day before the end of the world is expected , on thursday 20.12.2012 from 9pm .
the venues will be praha incheba , brno fleda , and ostrava plynojem with performances from 12 bands and other musicians from the czech republic .
all three cities will be joined by a televised link-up at the evening &apos;s close for a united rendition of the tap tap &apos;s anthem &quot; the end of the world is cancelled &quot;
the concert &apos;s goal is to raise funds to equip the studeo multi-functional wheel-chair accessible learning centre at the jedlicka institute in prague in the sum of 25 million czech crowns .
admission fee to the concert is 400 czk , children under 12 years of age go free , tickets on sale from bohemiaticket .
poland and the cosmos .
last week the council of ministers of the european space agency admitted poland as the twentieth member of the agency , being the second nation from the former eastern block ( after the czech republic , which became a fully fledged member of the esa on the 12th of november 2008 ) .
poland began close cooperation with the esa in 1994 , and in the following years it has participated in a series of agency projects .
of course , poland &apos;s path to the space had begun much earlier .
polish boffins devoted their time to space flight even before the second world war , but were not always met with understanding .
i look back , for instance , to the lecture of a sternfeld in warsaw &apos;s astronomy observatory , who , on the 6th of december 1933 , presented ideas on his pioneering work entry into space .
the thoughts of the young engineer ( born 1905 ) left his audience cold , and years later sternfeld remembered that only dr. jan gadomski had shown an interest in his work .
in 1934 , for his work entry into space , sternfeld received the robert esnault-pelterie and andre louis hirsch prize in france .
the above mentioned dr. jan gadomski ( 1899 - 1966 ) later became a strong promoter of astronomy and astronautics .
he published hundreds of articles in polish journals , and wrote a series of books on these scientific subjects .
gadomski became a world-known promoter of astronautics and his contribution was , notably , recognised when a crater on the far side of the moon was named after him .
in 1925 , poland had already built a handcar which was supposed to be fitted with a rocket engine .
unfortunately , both the project &apos;s designer , and the project &apos;s details , are unknown .
it is not even clear , whether the rocket was intended to start the handcar or to slow it down .
information about this rail track is only known from press articles of the time .
in 1933 the polish artillery started their engagement in flying bombs .
the research was undertaken by the weapons technology division in collaboration with prof. mieczyslaw wolfke and prof. gustaw mokrzycki .
from the documents , it is clear that the research reached the stage of practical tests .
of course , the advance of the german army interrupted the research .
in 1937 , the concept of a photoelectric homing rocket designed by engineer rohozinski appeared in the trade press , and in the following year the rocket - air torpedo and flying rocket-bomb appeared , authored by leliwy-krywoblocki .
both projects were destined for military use of rocket engines .
immediately prior to the war , all projects for military use of rocket technologies were overseen by the provisional scientific advisory board ( tymczasowy komitet doradczo-naukowy ) that coordinated all the work .
the board was appointed in 1937 , but after two years of activity their operations were ended by the start of the war .
further work devoted to astronautics appeared in the polish press after the war thanks to the polish astronautics company ( polskie towarzystwo astronautyczne ) .
the first reference to the company figures in the november issue of the magazine problems in 1954 , in which four in-depth articles are on the subject of astronautics .
in one of these , by prof. subotowicz , the establishment of a company is proposed , which would dedicate itself to astronautics .
at the time , there were already projects underway for artificial satellites and it was clear that cosmic research was an emerging sector .
from the beginning of 1956 , the polish astronautics company ( pta ) sought entry to the international astronautics federation ( est . 1951 ) and by autumn the pta was already a full member .
in the following year , the pta &apos;s first chairman , kazimierz zarankiewicz ( 1902 - 1959 ) was appointed deputy chairman for the international astronautics federation .
he served in this capacity until his death in 1959 .
from 1956 , the pta played a significant role in the successful development of meteorological rockets rm ( rakieta meteorologiczna ) , which became the first polish rocket to enable scientific research .
the first rm-1 model was completed in 1957 and the first launch took place on the 10th of october 1958 .
the rocket , with a ceiling of 1800 metres , measured around 80 cm in length and weighed a little under 5 kg .
later , the improved rm-1a version was constructed and in the summer of 1959 launch tests were initiated for the two-stage rm-2 rocket in the bledowsky desert .
the rocket was 1.4 metres in length and weighed approximately 11.5 kg .
a further development model was designed for real scientific work - the rm-34 rocket was to reach 14.5 km and be tasked with monitoring high altitude winds .
of course , in 1962 further research was stopped .
the successor to the rm rocket type was the meteor-1 rocket , developed from 1962 to 1965 .
the rocket was designed as a two-stage rocket , with a total length of 510 cm and a launch weight of 32.5 kg .
three models were developed ( designated meteor-1a , -1b , and -1c ) , which differed in the room available for scientific apparatus .
in the meteor-1a rocket , a space of 0.4 litres was available , meteor-1b had 0.34 litres , and meteor-1c had 0.62 litres .
the maximum altitude for all three models was 37km .
between 1965 and 1968 , the development of meteor-2 was underway in the aeronautics institute , with its first launch tests in october 1970 .
the meteor-2 rocket had a launch weight of 380 kg , and was capable of lifting a useful load of 10 kg to a height of around 60km .
subsequently built models were the meteor-2h and meteor-3 .
poland &apos;s admission to cospar ( committee for space research ) in 1960 should be mentioned , as well as the appointment of a national cospar board two years later .
poland also participated in the interkosmos space programme for space research on soviet artificial satellites , and in 1978 , the polish pilot miroslaw hermaszewski became the second intercosmonaut after vladimir remkov .
abolishing the legislation on public works is not the solution .
last week the constitutional court abolished the law on public works .
the resolution caused lively public debate .
it will certainly be interesting to look at this issue from a broader perspective .
liberally oriented financial systems in the eu , just as those in the globalised world , are based on the principle of an unregulated economic competition .
its effect means that individual financial entities and national economic systems are in a state of permanent conflict among themselves .
the cause is the principle of free trade and free , completely unregulated movement of private capital together with uncontrolled financial speculation .
due to significant labour cost differences ( salaries ) there is pressure on prices .
on this basis , it should be understood that when a supplier tries to compete in a commercial tender by importing cheap goods , &quot; the rug is pulled &quot; from under the competition &apos;s prices to capture a greater market share and , in this way , increase its own profits .
on a wider scale , this means most businesses must move production abroad , import cheaply from abroad , or close down . the result is high unemployment in countries where labour costs are high compared to other economies .
since private capital is not bound by social responsibility , and therefore also not by the unemployment it causes , the social costs born by the state must necessarily increase .
the whole situation is bolstered by the businessman &apos;s complete unwillingness to pay taxes , which would alleviate the economical and social harm caused in the pursuit of profit .
the situation is so well known that there is no need for actual statistical data .
the ruthless private capital practices create particular economic situations , where the state in these countries is forced to enter in the mutual competition , aiming to artificially lower the social standard of its own citizens in order to attract foreign investment .
in other words , governments stake their own citizens because of private capital while disregarding the drop in social standards .
this occurs chiefly in amendments to existing law .
the aim is to economically force the domestic population to accept prices dictated by private capital , especially in terms of salaries .
on one hand , this economic system of force , in case of long-term unemployment , on the other , restricted employee rights in the workplace .
this yields growing poverty and an increasing void between the poor and the rich .
in germany there are already a host of food hand-out centres for the poor , who are not able to feed themselves on their own wages .
the number of these people is already in the millions .
in the name of improving the competitiveness of the german economy , it commonly occurs that properly employed people receive such a salary that the state needs to top it up to the minimum wage .
just such a scandal was revealed in the case of auxiliary staff in the bundestag .
the austerity measures for all the southern eu states will undoubtedly lead to the same situation , where people are pressured by a catastrophic drop in living standards to emigrate as it was in the 19th century , or to eke out an existence on starvation wages on the edge of society , in the hope that the country will eventually see some foreign investment .
at this point we have to ask where this may come from ?
if it is to come from other eu states , then poverty is being shifted from one country to another , or it will not come at all , because chinese , indian , brazilian , turkish , moroccan , egyptian , and african labour is still at a fraction of european wages .
this applies to all of latin america .
liberal theory and the media incessantly claim that the state may not participate with capital in its own economy , and that a controlled economy leads to economic ruin .
private capital cruelly insists on the viewpoint that the state must not intervene in the economy .
thereupon , we should ask ourselves whether private capital has no influence , or whether it actually leads politics and thereby the whole country , for its own selfish ends .
here , the answer must be yes .
the proof is the existence of the almost omnipotent , and in all states , omnipresent lobby .
the result is a desperate situation manifesting itself through corruption , through mutual benefits and legislation , where almost everything is criminal , but nothing is punishable .
in germany the situation is such that state ministries , through lack of financial resources , contract out the drafting of laws to private law firms , who are basically connected with industry .
these laws are then approved in the bundestag .
real power does not come from the people as the western-style constitutions claim , but from strong financial organisations that look after their own interests .
it is clear that liberally-orientated democracies will now quickly reach a situation , as is described by appian in his work on the roman republic crisis in the time of cesar and pompei : &quot; the state was already long in complete degeneration and its offices taken by force .
with bribery , illegal acquisition of benefits , and with stones or swords .
bribery and corruption were rife and unhindered , and the people would vote for a result which had been bought &quot; ... &quot; people with principles did not run for office , so on one occasion the whole debacle meant the state went eight months without consuls .. &quot; .. &quot; there was actually talk about the only answer to this terrible situation being autocracy , and an energetic man should be elected . &quot; appian had pompei in mind , but it was cesar who changed democracy for autocracy permanently .
the conclusion , just as in antiquity , the current society is built on unscrupulous tendencies for personal gain without regard to the interests of society as a whole .
private capital in its present state is not able to understand the interests of society as a whole .
the outcome is now , as it was then , an unprecedented decadence of the elite with no attempts whatsoever on deeper reaching reforms .
the causality of the rise of the fascist and communist regimes should therefore be sought in the misguided liberalisation of the economic system in the 19th and 20th centuries .
the current state of affairs , when we consider the demise of those systems in favour of liberalised democracy as an interlude , can expect its next cycle .
the particularly catastrophic reality is that the current elite is completely ignoring the potential lost of hundreds of thousands of lives , humanitarian and social disasters , which we are already witnessing , as well as crimes against humanity , as we are familiar with from ancient and modern history .
the abolition of the law on public works is not the answer , at least not in the long term .
under the pressure of economic competition , internationally as well as within europe , the government of the czech republic will be forced to pursue ways of lowering the population &apos;s living standards .
this pattern is thus systemic .
to address this , there are targeted political and social reforms , which strengthen the state &apos;s capital participation in the economy , increase the people &apos;s influence over the state and weaken the monopoly held by private capital over society in favour of the state .
israel : chaos lab .
&quot; nothing comes from violence and nothing ever could , &quot; from sting &apos;s fragile , where one of the main verses from the refrain is &quot; lest we forget how fragile we are . &quot;
&quot; if my sons did not want war , there would be none , &quot; said the dying gutle schnapper , wife of mayer amschel rothschild in 1849 .
the latest wave of violence between israel and the gaza strip , as always , has sparked a lot of reaction .
some stand by israel , arguing it has the right to self-defence , and palestinians are portrayed as terrorists , while others support the palestinians , claiming racism by the israeli state , claiming that genocide is being committed against palestinian arabs , and that israel is a terrorist state .
i do not want to dwell , in these repeated periodic waves of killing , on who is the transgressor and who is the victim , after all , today &apos;s inhabitants of israel , including the self-governing territories , were born into the current political situation , and did not live through the start of the violence .
i would like to offer the readers a peek behind the scenes , a look at whom , most of all , this 95-year long tension is serving ( starting from balfour &apos;s declaration in november 1917 ) on this small piece of land in the middle east .
some of my thoughts are supported by available historical facts , while others are derived from my own understanding of who , that is , which group of people is the main source of events in modern history .
human history is in the first instance about the struggle for power .
in every era we can find an alexander the great or a napoleon .
what is not quite so apparent is whether these were the people , who had chosen their path independently , or whether behind their throne stood someone who directed their actions towards a pre-calculated goal .
we must accept that we live in a time when the world &apos;s wealth is concentrated into the hands of a few individuals , and that this concentration of wealth and the power it exudes could not happen in one generation &apos;s lifespan .
among these astronomically rich families , one stands out , which could be considered the puppet master ( whether someone else stands above them , i am unsure , but i would not rule it out ) - the rothschilds .
not much is written about them .
understandably .
the first news agency ( reuters ) they bought in the 90 &apos;s of the 19th century , in order to prevent their name being connected with acts of high criminality , which appeared in their background and which always meant securing power , increasing wealth , or both .
they hold majority stakes in almost every central bank in the world , and against the countries , where they do not hold a stake , they are either waging or preparing for war ( before the assault on afghanistan it was 7 countries , after iraq it was 5 , after the overthrow of kaddafi 4 remained , but in the meantime russia submitted its central bank to the russian government ) .
whoever attempted to defy this family died .
abraham lincoln refused to renew the status of the central bank to the rothschild bank of america , and during the civil war he began to issue his own ( that is state-issued ) money and was assassinated in 1865 at the theatre .
jfk began issuing his own money and wanted to close the fed ( federal reserve ) , and was killed in 1963 , congressman louis mcfadden was poisoned in 1936 , after he had intended to sue the fed for causing the great depression of 1929 .
their thirst for global power led in the years of 1859 - 1871 to the formulation of a three-world-war plan by the freemason leader of the 33rd degree , albert pike .
the first war was to remove the large monarchic state bodies in europe , the second was to remove colonial rule , especially from great britain , and the third will reduce the world &apos;s population down to 0.5 - 1 billion people ( this number of slaves will suffice for their comfort and luxury , and will not use up so many resources ) , the creation of one universal faith ( ecumenism is just an appetiser for this solution ) , and finally the seizing of absolute power .
the method , which the group of wealthy families with the rothschilds leading the way , employ is the instigation of crises , followed by the offering of a solution ( order ab chao - order from chaos ) .
these solutions are false , however , and always lead to a worse situation ( vide establishment of the fed , so that the crisis of 1907 would not be repeated ) .
thus , having succeeded in assassinating ferdinand , the habsburg heir to the austro-hungarian throne , in sarajevo thereby unleashing world war i , they destroyed tsarist russia with the bolshevik revolution .
the first world war ended abruptly , militarily and economically unsubstantiated , with german capitulation ( the war was no longer needed to destroy tsarist russia ) and the central european powers of austria-hungary were subsequently dismantled .
to facilitate the inception of the second world war , they allowed bankers and politicians to create a latent conflict situation by saddling germany with huge war reparations , thereby making a radicalist example of the impoverished masses , it remained only to introduce a sufficiently convincing culprit and a leader with a simple solution , while also creating a multi-racial czechoslovakia with a strong german minority to play , and indeed did , the role of a fifth colony , once the war had been ignited .
at the end of the 19th century , the rothschilds instigated the establishment of the zionist movement , one branch of which strove to form the jewish state , seeking out an area of historic judea , jerusalem , to make its capital ( the return to zion ) .
the aforementioned balfour declaration formed the basis for the mass immigration of jews to palestine , where the first conflicts began with the local arab population .
terrorist attacks occurred on both sides .
world war ii broke out , and whether hitler broke free from the leash , which international bankers were holding him on , or whether his actions were all part of the plan , is difficult to determine , nevertheless the suffering of european jews in the concentration camps created the foundation to the world &apos;s acceptance of the jewish state .
israel was officially formed in 1948 , and just as the war reparations for world war ii were layed on germany , the announcement of the state of israel became the third war &apos;s hotbed .
provided the international bankers succeed , the jewish nation , as with the second , will be the victims on the front line , now together with the arabic - or more generally , muslim - population of the middle east .
israel is like a huge laboratory , a source of discord and chaos not only within the country , but on an international level ( just look at how strongly people are split into supporters and opponents of israel ) .
who is the wrong-doer and who is the victim in the palestine-israel conflict , where injustice breeds injustice in an endless cycle of violence , while everything began from the greed of a few and their lust for global power ?
here , we must differentiate between israel &apos;s general population and their leaders , because , just as it happens here , the international bankers introduce their own selection of candidates for people to vote for .
israel &apos;s current prime minister , netanyahu &apos; the hawk &apos; , is a typical example of a fascist politician , loyal to the international bankers , who does everything to instigate war with iran , which would , due to its membership in the shanghai cooperation organisation ( china , india , russia , pakistan , ... ) lead to a greater threat of global conflict , and through its control of the hormuz strait , where 20 % of the world &apos;s oil must sail ( the channel is only 2 miles wide ) , to the destruction of the world &apos;s economy .
in what light stand the words , spoken by david rockefeller in 1994 : &quot; all we need is a major crisis and the nations will accept the new world order . &quot;
the new world order in their eyes is one of master and slave .
a world where the rest of the human population serve the luxury of a handful of financial aristocrats .
a world , where each new-born is implanted with a chip , which makes their existence completely subjugated .
&quot; he also forced everyone , small and great , rich and poor , free and slave , to receive a mark on his right hand or on his forehead , so that no one could buy or sell unless he had the mark , which is the name of the beast or the number of his name .
if anyone has insight , let him calculate the number of the beast ,
for it is man &apos;s number . his number is six hundred and sixty six . &quot;
argo : when things are at their worst - call hollywood .
in november 1979 , a mob of islamic student demonstrators took over the american embassy in tehran and held 52 diplomats hostage .
they were to be released in exchange for the overthrown shah mohammad reza pahlavi , who fled after the revolution to the usa , which had actually supported his regime for several decades .
for the american administration the situation did not offer a positive solution - it could not throw the shah overboard , because this would seriously jeopardise the trust of other allied countries .
the release of the hostages in iran , where the revolution resulted in the establishment of the theocratic regime , could not be achieved .
this was a blow to the prestige of the united states , which was later compounded by the fiasco of attempting to free the hostages by force .
the incarcerated diplomats were finally released after 444 days , following negotiations mediated by the algerian government .
their ordeal provoked a wave of solidarity and anti-iranian feelings at home .
the debacle in iran significantly influenced jimmy carter &apos;s loss with ronald reagan in the 1980 presidential elections .
the film argo , directed by the actor ben affleck , recounts one episode in this story , which brought america a small victory .
just before the embassy was seized , six employees escaped .
after some peripeteia , they ended up in the canadian ambassador &apos;s residence .
the cia , in collaboration with the canadian authorities , succeeded in getting them out of iran , helped by an extravagant cover story - they left on canadian passports as members of a film crew , who were surveying locations for a sci-fi blockbuster .
a combination of genres
the plan , conceived by &quot; exfiltration &quot; expert , tony mendez , required the assistance of hollywood .
for the story to be believed , the film project was reported on in specialist magazines , press conferences were organised , and the fictitious production company had a real office .
the details of the operation were , for a long time , kept secret ; the film draws on the memories of tony mendez .
affleck &apos;s film is a peculiar mix of genres .
on one hand , there is a realistic incisive political thriller , and at the same time a &quot; caper movie , &quot; with small victories and double-crossing - another example would be ocean &apos;s eleven .
the mood alternates in the film - on one side , sharp documentary-style sequences in tehran ( the title sequence shows iconic photos from news of the time , relating to the same events portrayed in the film - there are no big differences ) .
on the other hand , lighter sections from hollywood , laced with irony and a little exaggeration .
then there are scenes from the cia headquarters and other agencies - men in suits debating the situation around meeting tables , in office corridors , over the phone ...
ben affleck has managed to restart his career in extraordinary style .
the derided actor has become a respected director , and his acting is no longer the target of ironic comments .
argo is his third big-screen movie , following his dark crime movie gone baby gone ( 2007 ) and the thriller the town ( 2010 ) .
it is also affleck &apos;s first picture , which does not take place in the director &apos;s hometown of boston .
the atmospheric feel in different locations is one of the characteristics , which took his earlier films above hollywood standards .
affleck shows it in argo , where tehran is &quot; featured &quot; by canada .
the best scenes of the film take place in the streets , in the reconstruction of real events - the opening sequence of the siege on the embassy is impressively lucid , creating at once feelings of confusion and surprise , which come flooding in , as history suddenly takes a turn .
a similar effect is achieved by affleck and his team in the fictitious scenes ( the fake staff at the tehran bazaar ) .
too much action in too many places
the director had to tackle the issue that the story being told does not offer many nail-biting scenes for the film .
what little there is , is worked well , with some occasional embellishments to reality - these do not all come off so elegantly ( the scene , where a looming crisis is averted at tehran airport by a phone call in america , followed by a chase on the runway seems quite far-fetched ) .
argo &apos;s weakness is its divergence , which comes from the need to show too many events in too many places .
alan arkin and john goodman play their roles as the hollywood assistants with great charm ; their characters deserve more room , and are not by far the only ones in this film .
affleck &apos;s film loses the dramatic pull a little , it is a film , which can be watched with reasonable interest , its production and retro-style are evocative of thrillers from the 70 &apos;s .
it does not really captivate .
as a reminder of history &apos;s particular ways and a testimony to how exaggerated the views are on the all-powerful all-controlling secret services , this will do .
rules for blowing up balloons , for bananas and a circus
the www.bankovnipoplatky.com server , which issues a poll every year on the most absurd bank charge , has now decided to announce a competition for &quot; the most absurd regulation or proposal from the eu . &quot;
&quot; we were prompted by the latest story , where the eu plans to take on a 40 percent quota of women at management level of europe &apos;s largest companies , &quot; patrik nacher , the poll &apos;s organiser , told pravo .
among the latest nominated absurdities , for instance , is the recent decision by the european court to unify insurance premiums for men and women .
until now , women were favoured in life insurance prices , because they constitute a lower risk for insurers .
&quot; other unbelievable ideas from the eu can be nominated by anyone until the end of the year .
the actual voting will then take place until the end of february 2013 , &quot; informed nacher .
among the controversial eu regulations , we might include the mandatory addition of bio-ingredients to fuel , which consequently harms the environment , the ban on reliable mercury thermometers just because they contain a relatively small quantity of a toxic substance , or the rules on the size of chicken cages , which significantly raised egg prices this year .
the ban on the use of the term &quot; spreadable butter &quot; and the withdrawal of classic light bulbs from sale had previously come under criticism .
first rate bananas are to measure 14 centimetres
the union &apos;s machine often makes decisions under pressure from this or that commercial or industrial lobbying group , whose demands in brussels are usually defended by state or group of states &apos; interests ( just as the czech republic is promoting the demands of its banks under threat of being vetoed ) .
the lobby &apos;s interests were , for example , that bananas of the highest quality should measure at least 14 cm in the eu , and were not to display and &quot; anomalous curvature . &quot;
the european commission defended itself , saying that it was only harmonising existing disjointed national standards , which complicated trading .
norms relating to fruit and vegetables have already been softened by the eu despite opposition from certain states , referring to the food waste caused by the existing directives .
one possible prize-winner in the poll may be the last year &apos;s eu regulation according to which inflatable balloons must be sold with a warning that children under 8 years of age may not inflate them without parental supervision .
here , the eu pointed to an american research , which indicated that , among other toys , balloons are one of the main causes of child suffocation .
a similar restriction now applies to children under 14 years of age using party blowers .
strange ideas are conceived at home too
fairly absurd is the rule relating to individual european officials - everyone in the eu , who holds an official post , may not use the term macedonia due to it being a sensitive topic for greece , and instead the acronym fyrom ( former yugoslav republic of macedonia ) should be used .
the bankovnipoplatky.com server in collaboration with the liberal economist association , laissez faire , also nominated , aside from the aforementioned absurdities , for example the union &apos;s regulation on the volume of food provision stocks held in an eu member state .
the eu stipulated the maximum volumes of food provisions , which may be present within the cr on the day of our entry to the union .
the czech republic thereafter exceeded , for instance , the permitted volume of mushroom preserves , which incurred a high penalty .
the poll &apos;s organisers were also impressed by the idea of paying certain countries because they do not have a coastline , or the suggestion of allocating funding for a request for funding .
these ideas did not come from brussels , however , but from prague .
&quot; we are handicapped because we do not have the sea .
we are asking the european union for a refund , &quot; declared the minister for agriculture , back in autumn 2004 , jaroslav palas ( cssd ) .
his argument was that there had been a good harvest of cereals , and due to the so-called buy-out interventions , the state &apos;s warehouses were full and were forced to export .
the czech republic is further away from a port , so according to palas the eu should be paying us hundreds of millions of euros .
the european commission finally met the cr halfway by organising a tender for the purchase of cereals from countries that do not have access to the sea .
funding to subsidise funding requests was offered to foreigners by the ministry for regional development &apos;s minister , pavel nemec ( us-deu ) , specifically this was meant for making requests for funding from brussels .
eu : bizarre legislation is the exception
regulations may well become the target of criticism among member states , but the eu &apos;s efforts at regulation , more effective operation , and development of the entire union deserve recognition , according to a number of experts .
a more important issue , according to experts , is the drawing of eu funds on projects , which have hardly anything in common with strengthening the european integration , but which was pushed through by member states during a budget meeting .
emotions flare among czechs when , just as other countries in the union , the cr must fight in brussels for the right to particular labelling on its traditional products , in which it does not always succeed .
the czechs fought for six years with the germans and austrians to protect the labelling of their olomoucke tvaruzky , however the tuzemsky rum , whose tradition reaches back to the 19th century here , had to be renamed tuzemak by the manufacturers .
the appellation of rum can only be given to products distilled from cane sugar , and not sugar beet .
carlsbad wafers , pohorelicky and trebonsky carp , and zatec hops have been added to the official list of registered products of the eu , alongside the world-renowned feta cheese and gorgonzola , german marzipan from lubeck , and parma ham .
the eu &apos;s stamp of protection can also be proudly shown on pardubice gingerbread and horicky tubes .
people want me to save the republic , but i am an amateur , says okamura
senator , how does a person decide they want to run for president ?
this is not about me being a senator or president .
if everything in our country worked without problems , then i would not be running for any post .
i cannot watch any longer the country having been robbed over the past twenty years , thieves roaming about there and people &apos;s taxes and retirement age increasing .
i had no ambition to be a politician .
when i see something i do not like , though , i try to find a solution to change things .
since i have already turned forty , and i am an independent non-party man , i have no other choice to influence things but to stand for senator or president .
you have already reached the senate , but shortly after that you are taking off for the castle .
are you not turning your back on those who voted for you in doing this ?
i have been saying the entire time that i would fight for the castle based on the results in the senate &apos;s elections .
later , i added that if i were elected as senator , i would be standing for president .
my goal , though , is not the post , the post is a tool to allow my vision to be realised .
therefore , i need the greatest influence , and the strongest mandate possible .
the trouble is not just that as a nation we swear in the pub or at the television , but that we trample anyone , who wants to try to change things .
the media add to this , misleading the public , and mistaking freedom of speech with freedom to lie .
for example , i was allegedly bribing reporters , or i was allegedly an advisor of jiri paroubek .
let &apos;s talk about your vision .
you set out on your castle siege with a thesis on the material and criminal responsibilities of politics , and a retroactive financial disclosure of assets over twenty million .
you need to change the law for this .
as president , though , you do not have this power , and only the senate as a whole may propose laws .
how are you going to solve this ?
when i lobbied , as a citizen , for tour guide work to be a free trade , it was successfully carried through .
the problem is political squabbling - when someone comes with a good idea from the left or the right , it will be deliberately rejected , causing delays for the public .
as an independent non-party man , i stand a far better chance of gaining support from all parliamentary sides .
the advantage i hold is that without the political pigeonholing or dogmas i can take what is best for our country from any side , and apply it .
do you see yourself as a person from the right , or the left ?
from the czech viewpoint , it seems they tend to put me to the left .
for me , it just does not matter if it is a little to the left or right .
the important part for me is moving forward .
it is not about whether someone is from the left or right , i just want to bring people together .
i always support any good public solutions , even if they are put forward by the kscm or the ods , and , in the same way , i will oppose bad ideas .
you get angry when someone calls you a populist .
are you not confirming this with what you have stated ?
when you make a company business plan , you also have some ideal goal and vision .
you try to come close to it .
some may call it populism , but all the proposals i speak about are already working elsewhere , or they have been put forward by experts .
but without the support of the parliament you will be left with just slogans .
you will not last long in politics with that .
or do you believe that if you walk among the public and talk with them , that you will succeed , say , in passing criminal and material responsibility ?
i have no alternative .
i need to convince politicians , reporters , and the public , and try to get them on my side , so we can put this through .
if i were elected president , it would not be a problem to arrange a live television broadcast , where i ask the leaders of the parliamentary parties to pass a law on material and criminal responsibility for politicians , civil servants , judges , and the attorney general .
and , as the case may be , they would need to explain why they did not want this .
when there is a strong figure to point out the issues , it just needs some pressure on the political scene .
take for instance the direct election of the president , it was achieved thanks to public pressure .
i will say frankly that i am an amateur , i am not a genius or an intellectual .
i am looking for allies to share my opinions and vision .
i have just started out in politics , and i am looking for a majority support for my agenda .
i will try to make things progress , but it if does not work out , in six years i will finish and return to the private sector .
it sounds a little like okamura is trying to save the czech republic .
i am no saviour .
i know that alone i will not achieve anything , so i have asked acquaintances , whether they would run for the senate .
i went to radim jancura , who declined due to his workload .
so i , at least , support investigative journalist , jana lorencova , who uncovered fraudulent activity with light heating oil .
i put myself forward , because people are really discontented , but now i have my doubts .
sixty percent of people did not go to vote , and those who did mostly voted for leaders of the establishment .
in the senate , there are only two independents , including me .
people have voted for a senate that will make it difficult to enforce changes .
nonetheless , i will fight for my vision , for example , for the direct election of mayors or regional council presidents .
are you considering having your own party ?
i have not considered it yet , because i have neither the time to verify that every party member has a clean background , nor the money to do it .
i have no money even for a presidential campaign , my transparent account holds just 20 thousand .
you have no money ?
you are talking about financial disclosures , but what is yours like ?
i estimate my private assets to be around 60 million .
in prague , i have land worth around 25 million , an apartment worth ten million , another apartment worth eight million , an artwork collection worth around ten million , an aston martin worth 3.5 million , a skoda superb worth a million , and i have a few million in my account .
i have the aston martin , by the way , because it was my dream as a boy - i always liked james bond , who drove the car , was gallant with women and also fought against evil and villainy .
you drive an aston martin , have assets worth 60 million , but you have no money for a campaign ?
you say you want to change the republic , but you are not keen on putting your own money into it .
this does not inspire much confidence .
i do not have 15 million for a campaign .
should i take out a loan ?
i have already put 2.5 million into the campaign .
the fact that i do not have any sponsors is evidence that there is no real interest in my programme .
i have no obligation to pay for my own campaign .
the expenditure on my campaign is basically covered by the pay i will be receiving as a senator .
however , i would not be able to live on it , for instance , i could not pay for my son &apos;s english school , which costs 30 thousand a month .
if i were only interested in making money , i would not be standing for election .
so you will still be in business so that you can make a living ?
did you not say you would be putting this on hold ?
this depends on the rate of pay .
as i promised , my activities have been partially reduced .
for example , my deputy is taking over as the ceo of the travel agency in spring .
people would like me to be a samaritan , who saves the republic .
but i must also live off something .
as a businessman , what would you usually make monthly ?
two hundred to 400 thousand , which i still do .
and if i became president , then i would end my business activity .
the full interview can be read in saturday &apos;s issue of pravo .
the mvrdv architects prove that true adventures are not just in the head - drawing on the example of spijkenisse and the recently erected bücherberg ( literally &quot; book mountain &quot; ) - 2 photos
&quot; i think the building is fun , looks futuristic and ultimately provides something interesting to look at , &quot; said lisette verhaig , a passer-by at the road-side .
and stefan spermon , it technician in a major firm based nearby commented : &quot; it &apos;s definitely a thing of beauty , the building . &quot;
however , i do wonder why people would need another library in this day and age .
everyone has the internet , an ipad and ebooks .
no-one goes into one of these old-style libraries voluntarily nowadays , or am i wrong ?
spijkenisse , a sleepy town outside the gates of rotterdam , which barely merits a visit , is a special record-holder .
the 80,000-resident municipality has the lowest literacy rate in the whole of the netherlands .
in order to counteract this asinine situation , the decision was made a number of years ago to make a contribution towards general education and to recreate the seven fictitious bridges that feature on the euro notes as pretty , painted reinforced concrete miniatures .
the success of the education offensive was limited .
and so the city fathers acknowledged that there was only one way to become master over the statistics : a library had to be built !
winy maas of the rotterdam-based architectural firm mvrdv , master of audacious bar charts and producer of humorous and often cynical buildings , took the project on with his customary composure , and turned up at the competitive hearing in 2003 with five books under his arm and a grin on his face .
and with the judging panel still looking at him with bewilderment , shrugging their shoulders , the impertinent maas stacked his chosen props by order of size to form a pyramid and rounded off his presentation - now suitably backed up with action - with the words : &quot; dear municipality ! &quot;
so this is my suggestion for the spijkenisse book mountain - for the so-called boekenberg !
nine years later , the 30-million-euro mountain has been lifted up .
it is part of a revitalisation project , which also includes an underground car park , a supermarket , a post office and a small number of adjacent apartment buildings and terraced houses , with a total of 50 dwellings .
at the beginning of november , the bücherberg was awarded second place in the &quot; best library of nl 2012 &quot; competition .
in addition , the project is also nominated for the dutch national wood award 2012 .
thus , the faceless small-town retort , that until now had nothing more to offer than a post-modern pedestrian area and a stunningly ugly town hall , behind whose white facades one would expect to find a dairy plant , has been bolstered by a piece of contemporary architecture .
first and foremost , however , spijkenisse now has its first public cultural building in the history of its existence .
the long journey to the book
the first impression : the eldorado of books beneath a cheese dome .
there is in fact a lift that climbs through the centre of the mountain massif , however , the true joys of space and literature are revealed when scaling the topography on foot .
the interior space , glazed throughout , is bright and open , the fired clinker floors and the elegant street lamps speak the unmistakable language of a public town square .
the urban ambiance is perfect .
you are already on the lookout for a park bench , a dog , and boys and girls playing football .
and everywhere there are books , books , books .
&quot; normally book shelves run along the facade , and in the centre there is a large , dark space , which is usually unpleasant and impersonal , &quot; says winy maas .
we turned the classical spatial configuration on its head and turned the reading area inside out .
the interior of the bücherberg is cleverly used : in the centre there are offices , an internet library , a chess club , an environmental centre and the central technical support room .
one particularly special feature are the black book shelves , which simultaneously act as wall cladding , parapets and railings for the stairway .
the appearance , feel and scent are foreign .
even die-hard architects and construction engineers shake their heads at the unknown construction materials .
&quot; here we wanted to work with recyclable materials , &quot; explained joop trouborst , project manager for the municipality of spijkenisse , on request of the standard .
and thus one day we stumbled across a suitable waste product used in agriculture , on a frisian farm .
for many years , millimetre-thick artificial fabric has been used in greenhouses and fields in the netherlands as a base layer .
it is inexpensive and saves time .
the thin textile lasts for two seasons and is then disposed of as bulk waste .
for the library , the fabric was - for the first time in these quantities - pressed into four-centimetre-thick boards .
under heat and pressure , the so-called landbouw plastic ( klp ) changes colour to a dark , homogeneous and robust material , that smells like a mixture of new car smell and the smell of trainers .
after 105 steps you have reached the summit .
at the end of the 500-meter-long journey , you are rewarded in the literature café , not only with a fantastic view of the city , but also with dutch croquettes and potted ficus trees .
these provide atmosphere , but most importantly , regulate the air humidity in the literary mountain range .
donations for the new soul
&quot; you would hardly believe it , but this building , in spite of the many glass panels , is a showcase project in the area of ecology , &quot; said trouborst .
it is heated and cooled using geothermal heat .
although the bücherberg has a glass cover , the sun only shines only briefly into the interior , even on sunny days .
the broad , laminated wood glue beams positioned at right-angles to the glass facade , provide shade and absorb the majority of the sunlight .
the indoor temperature is very pleasant .
the rest is taken care of by fully automatic roller blinds .
stefan spermon , initially a sceptic of the it sector , has already ventured into the new library .
lisette verhaig has also visited already .
so too has tcm-teacher , cynthia bogarde , who even refers to the boekenberg as spijkenisse &apos;s &quot; long overdue soul . &quot;
the reason : at the inauguration just a few weeks ago , every citizen was invited to donate a book from his / her personal collection .
this was , for the time being , to fill the optical gaps in the not yet fully stocked library - currently there are 70,000 items .
the concept has been a success .
the shelves are full to capacity .
&quot; nothing is worse than a half-empty library , &quot; said architect winy maas .
&quot; i think that , thanks to our invitation , every resident now has a certain bond with this new building .
everyone knows that their book is part of the building .
even if it &apos;s just for decoration .
as such , mvrdv have succeeded in mastering the master discipline that specialist jargon refers to as the formation of identity .
spijkenisse has written literary history .
however young and uneducated it may be .
this is ultimately a starting point for identity .
szabo : &quot; germans must play a greater role &quot;
in the vote on the incorporation of palestine , germany abstained from voting .
according to stephen szabo , expert in us-european relations , in so doing berlin is walking a thin diplomatic line .
deutsche welle : at the beginning of the week , germany had initially signalled that it would vote against the palestinians &apos; application for observer status within the united nations .
however , berlin subsequently abstained from voting .
why ?
stephen szabo : germany does not support what the israelis have done in gaza .
now , however , due to their special relationship with israel , germany must be cautious .
at the same time , however , i do not believe that it supports the american position either .
germany wanted to demonstrate its independence - albeit without being too critical of israel .
during the uprising in libya in march 2011 , germany likewise abstained from voting , when it came to establishing a no-fly zone .
this was ultimately implemented by nato .
does germany find it difficult to adopt a clear position when it comes to important international affairs ?
yes , it does .
that is because it has just reorganised its foreign policy , indeed moving away from a policy that was , so to speak , managed by the usa , in favour of a german foreign policy .
this situation is aggravated by the fact that the europeans do not have a coherent and standardised policy .
the germans thus find themselves caught between two fronts .
it is expected of them that they play a more independent role , yet this is something that they are not accustomed to .
i believe that they are still finding their way in this role , but they are en route to a &quot; more normal &quot; foreign policy .
a foreign policy similar to that of france , or great britain .
so what specifically does a &quot; normal &quot; foreign policy entail , from a german perspective ?
it shows a willingness to adopt positions on international matters , which are independent of those of the usa or european partners .
i believe that the german foreign policy is motivated by the economic policy , that is , by export and its relations with certain regions such as russia , china or the near east .
germany &apos;s economic interests are to a certain extent different from those of the other major powers and therefore germany must protect its interests .
have these economic interests had an influence on their attitude towards the near east conflict and their voting in the un ?
on the one hand , germany has major revenue markets in the near east , and particularly in the gulf states .
therefore it must be careful not to affront the public , but also the elite in the arabic countries .
in any case , this plays a role .
however , i wouldn &apos;t want to ascribe too much weight to this . this is not an entirely one-sided relationship .
nonetheless , it does play an important role in germany &apos;s considerations .
has germany damaged its relations with the usa , by abstaining to vote on important decisions , such as the vote on palestine ?
i think that in europe , and even in the usa , a great understanding for the german position prevails .
therefore i do not think that this was as dramatic a fracture as was the case in the matters regarding libya .
perhaps it will even earn germany a certain degree of respect .
after all , it signals that the country must be taken seriously as an international player and that its interests must be considered .
in europe there are diverse opinions regarding the palestinian initiative .
the usa , on the other hand , have spoken out clearly in favour of a veto .
are there differences of opinion between the usa and the many european nations ?
due to the american domestic policy , these differences have always existed .
i think that secretly , the government under obama actually has a great deal of understanding for the european situation .
however , due to the political situation here , the government is naturally unable to voice this position publicly .
it is my belief that the actual differences in opinion are not so vast as they always appear .
if you look at the relations between obama and prime minister netanjahu , obama is really not quite so enthused by netanjahu &apos;s policies .
does germany find it difficult to reconcile its close relations with israel and the usa on the one hand , and the position of its most important partners in the eu on the other ?
i think that this is precisely what makes things so difficult for the germans .
it would of course be a little simpler for the germans if there were a coherent and standardised european policy , which is currently not the case .
thus they are unable to be part of a wider authority and must instead drive matters forward from their own position .
this is precisely what they are doing with the euro .
i believe that in the future germany will take on a leading role in urging europe towards a standardised european position .
this is , of course , no simple task for germany , on account of its relations with israel .
this has always been a sensitive subject .
yet i do think that germans are clear that they must play a more independent role .
does germany view itself as playing the role of an important international player - does germany actually want to assume a leading role ?
or does germany still find leadership roles difficult ?
germany is still not used to it , the country continues to be uncomfortable and , for obvious reasons , still finds it difficult to play a more prominent role .
if we look at the euro crisis for example , every time that germany assumes a more prominent role , various anti-german feelings become apparent .
this does not make matters simple for the germans .
this is actually the same old problem : one does not want to be surrounded by hostile countries .
from this stance , germany is in a much more difficult position than the usa .
it must be receptive to the most diverse of neighbours and opinions , and this is not easy .
the influence of the usa over european politics is continually diminishing , yet the eu is currently not feeling this vacuum , so who is filling the gap ?
the germans will simply have to play a greater role .
even if they do not like it , even if it is uncomfortable and makes them even more unpopular - c &apos;est la vie !
stephen szabo is associate director of the transatlantic academy in washington , an institute in which academics and political experts from europe and north america come together to research the challenges of the transatlantic community .
szabo is also a member of the german marshall fund , in which he has specialised in german policy , us foreign policy and transatlantic relations .
&quot; brand protection &quot; in china : when puma and armani suddenly become chinese
armani is a world-famous brand , polo ralph lauren likewise .
however , what is armani polo ?
behind this name hides a fully officially registered brand in china , however , one that has nothing whatsoever to do with the original companies .
nonetheless , it is enjoying protection , provided the actual creators of the names do not sue .
and even then it is not clear whether they will have any rights .
&quot; it is becoming increasingly more difficult for foreigners to protect their brands in china , &quot; said thomas pattloch , lawyer within the taylor wessing law firm , who specialises in copyright infringement in the far east .
every week a new case lands on my desk .
all the copycats require are a few additional letters in order that they can register their brands .
thus gucci simply becomes lu-gucci , prada-kny is registered in place of prada .
german companies are also &apos; legally &apos; copied in this manner , such as manufacturer of sporting apparel , puma .
pattloch opens a file containing registrations with the trademark office in peking .
on 14 september 2010 a chinese company copyrighted the brand name zegna df puma there , an alias that also helps itself to the name of fashion retailer ermenegildo zegna .
the fact that the chinese are world champions in copying and infringing on intellectual property is well-known .
in the major cities there are multi-level department stores that sell counterfeit goods almost exclusively .
pattloch &apos;s cases , however , are slightly different : on behalf of his clients he takes action against the fact that chinese companies can be granted the right to use a name by the trademark office , fully officially , which is already protected elsewhere .
the chinese call this &quot; bang mingpai , &quot; a passenger brand .
the word is based on &quot; bang dakuan . &quot;
this refers to women who latch onto rich men .
the chinese authorities are unaware of any wrongdoing .
&quot; this harms business and we must fight against it , &quot; challenges pattloch .
&quot; the brand is watered down , its uniqueness disappears - the image damage is enormous . &quot;
the financial losses and process costs of the affected branches amount into the millions , especially in the case of expensive flagship products .
according to information from market research company clsa , with a volume of 15 billion euros annually , china is the third largest market for luxury items , and the fastest growing .
however , the deletion of dubious entries in the trademark registry are difficult to achieve , and cost a pretty penny .
the process can last for up to nine years , with an uncertain outcome .
pattloch reports of instances whereby the court dismisses cases , because after a long period of time , the name to which the objection is being raised has become a &quot; market reality . &quot;
if the complainant is unlucky , he may even have to pay the plagiarist money for having infringed on his trademark in china , said pattloch .
sometimes the law of the jungle prevails here .
famous cases also relate to graphic elements .
in 2009 , daimler lost a legal battle with the construction machinery manufacturer sany , the company that recently acquired german concrete pump manufacturer putzmeister .
even today , the chinese company is therefore permitted to use an emblem that resembles the mercedes star .
volvo-purchaser geely originally used a blue and white logo that resembled the bmw logo ; the dispute was arbitrated and geely was forced to change it .
fashion house lacoste lost a suit in china against copycats from hong kong and singapore , who were using the famous crocodile looking in the other direction .
the chinese authorities are unaware of any wrongdoing .
the ctmo trademark office in peking does acknowledge that there were bottlenecks in 2010 due to limited staffing and equipment .
in the past year , however , things reportedly &quot; returned to normal following this emergency situation regarding the work flow . &quot;
thus the stock of unprocessed appeal proceedings was reduced by 22 percent .
almost 57,000 such cased were closed , 75 percent more than in the previous year .
nonetheless , there are still 81,500 appeals waiting to be resolved in the office .
to remedy this is very expensive
as is so often the case in china , the figures are imposing .
in the past year , more than 1.4 million applications for trademark protection were submitted to the ctmo , almost one third more than in 2010 .
this is a record and means that china , for the tenth time in succession , is the global leader when it comes to new trademark applications , informed the authority .
the same applies for the inventory of valid trademarks , totalling 5.5 million in number .
in 2011 , 1.8 billion yuan in fees were received .
put simply , this means that each application costs on average 1,280 yuan , or 160 euros .
to appeal against an application costs many times this amount , as can be seen in the case of the german family business , freudenberg .
for more than seven years , the group has been contesting against a chinese plagiarist .
the germans did in fact manage to expose the company &apos;s illegal manufacturing of copied motor vehicle parts .
however , the copycat still secured the chinese rights to the freudenberg brand .
this is something we missed ourselves , as family names cannot be protected in germany , said hanno wentzler , chairman of the board of management at freudenberg chemical specialities in munich .
the ctmo trademark office then also dismissed the munich-based company &apos;s appeal .
in the next two instances , freudenberg was proven right , however the opposing party continues to contest the matter to this day .
you have to pay extremely careful attention .
the matter is now pending before the supreme court .
wentzler is confident that the matter will be brought to a positive conclusion and praises the professionalism of the courts .
however , he also says : &quot; the process is extremely expensive and takes a lot of time , money and nerves . &quot;
the internal costs can barely be calculated , the company archive even had to look through century-old records in order to provide proof .
five years ago freudenberg unsuccessfully offered the opposing party a &quot; high six-figure sum in euros &quot; as settlement .
&quot; this shows how much this is worth to us , &quot; says wentzler .
the dangers in the far east even threaten to spilling over , back into europe .
particularly if imitators secure unprotected brand names there .
for example , a chinese manufacturer wanted to register the freudenberg label for shoes and leather in germany .
this is a business sector that the group had long vacated , yet nonetheless managed to prevent the registration .
&quot; you have to pay extremely careful attention , &quot; says wentzler .
both he and pattloch advise companies to be very careful when conducting business with china .
it is not sufficient to rely on international trademark rights , rather foreigners should also register &quot; everything &quot; that is in any way worthy of protection in china as well , &quot; said wentzler .
otherwise costs can be much more expensive than the registration fee .
in actual fact : if freudenberg were to loose at the final hurdle of its trademark drama , they would probably have to pay the opposing party license fees for the use of their own name , explained wentzler .
or alternatively we would be forced out of the market in the respective sector .
world aids day : stomp , sing , help
in heidelberg , the imbongi choir is rehearsing - and in the swaziland , aids orphans are delighted .
the history of a link that overcomes far more than a distance of 8,733 kilometres .
first of all , the stamping : cowboy boots , basketball shoes , ladies &apos; pumps and men &apos;s loafers attempt to find the beat on the parquet floor , and quickly do just that .
one-two-three-four .
only then do the voices of the singers slowly swell - alto , bass , tenor and soprano surge , beguile and haunt .
and fiete hopf , the 29-year-old conductor , almost rises up out of his shoes as he brings the ensemble together with his smooth , yet wild gestures .
it is monday evening and in the music room of the institute for medical psychology in heidelberg the imbongi choir are practising a new song .
the fifteen singers , aging from 23 to 69 years old , range from human geneticists to the maintenance man .
&quot; om &apos;obani &quot; is by no means a simple piece , with each voice having a different text , and in an extremely foreign language at that : zulu , which is spoken by eleven million people in south africa , botswana , lesotho , malawi , mozambique and in parts of swaziland .
helping others to help themselves
there are around 34 million people infected with hiv around the world , as according to the estimations of unaids , the united nations &apos; programme to battle aids .
of these , 23.5 million live in south africa .
in swaziland , there are 245,000 aids orphans .
meanwhile , more than 40 percent of the population are hiv positive .
the voices for africa association has found sponsors in germany for 180 aids orphans in the village of esitjeni .
70 of these attend a secondary school .
for 15 or 20 euros per month , you can become a sponsor .
this guarantees the child money for school , a school uniform and a warm meal each day in the gogo centre .
in zulu , imbongi means storyteller or worshipper .
in this region , no-one can speak the bantu language fluently , but they can sing it .
for almost ten years the choir has been practising songs in this foreign , &apos; soft &apos; language , and now and then they bring them back to where they originally came from : the south of africa .
for an 8,733-kilometre flight away from heidelberg , in the north west of the swaziland kingdom , lies the village of esitjeni , which relies on the vocal power of the german choir .
forty percent are infected .
around 2,000 people live there , some still in simple mud and straw huts , and the majority of them are children .
more than 300 of them no longer have parents , as they succumbed to the hiv virus .
in esitjeni you get a small foreshadow of the illness from which all of swaziland is suffering : according to unicef , the region has the highest hiv infection rates and the lowest life expectancy in the world .
circumcision , which has been proven to reduce the risk of contracting the virus by half , is barely practised by the population .
more than forty percent of people in the swaziland carry the immunodeficiency virus , and dying in you mid-thirties is by no means rare .
on a group trip to africa in early 2005 , the choir visited the village , but first and foremost , the imbongis saw many children on the streets , lacking not only in parental care but in practically everything else as well : food , clothing , education .
without a school leaving certificate , there are barely any opportunities , particularly in a poor country .
initially it was the private commitment of individuals to send a child to school and enable him / her to have one warm meal a day for a few euros per year .
however , just one year later , the choir established the &quot; voices for africa &quot; association , which since then has been looking after the aids orphans in esitjeni at an almost professional level .
facts on sexually transmitted infections .
what are the most important sexually transmitted diseases ?
bacterial stis include syphilis , chlamydia and gonorrhoea .
common viral stis are hiv , human papilloma viruses , herpes genitalis and hepatitis .
crabs and scabies belong among the parasitic stis .
who are the main affected groups ?
syphilis and gonorrhoea occur primarily in men that have intercourse with other men .
the robert koch institute understands that at least four in five of all syphilis cases reported in germany are transmitted by means of sexual contact between men .
among heterosexual adults , chlamydia infections , trichomoniasis , candidiasis ( fungal ) , gonorrhoea and human papilloma viruses are frequently occurring sexually transmitted diseases .
the spread of hiv among heterosexual adults in this country is relatively low ; however , around 20 percent of newly contracted cases of hiv are found in this group .
among young people , chlamydia infections are much more common than in other population groups .
according to european surveys , three quarters of all infections affect young people between the ages of 15 and 25 .
in this country , human papilloma viruses are also frequently found in young people .
how has the number of infections developed ?
not all sexually transmitted diseases are notifiable .
according to the robert koch institute , the number of syphilis infections has more than doubled from 1,697 cases in 2001 , to 3,698 cases in 2011 .
the number of newly contracted cases of hiv has been on the decline since 2007 .
in 2011 there were around 2,700 cases .
this is around one tenth fewer than the previous year .
which symptoms indicate a sexually transmitted disease ?
the infectious diseases can cause ulcers in the genital area , discomfort when urinating , discharge , lower abdominal pain and blisters or warts .
however , often they cause no pain or any other symptoms , thus remaining undetected .
how can you protect yourself ?
condoms can reduce the risk of contraction , however , they do not offer 100 % protection .
this is because occasionally , the pathogens of sexually transmitted diseases can also be passed on via smear infections and close bodily contact .
therefore , first and foremost experts recommend that people with frequently changing sexual partners undergo regular examinations .
if diagnosed early , the majority of stis can be cured and long-term consequences avoided .
through sponsorships donations and by no means least the funds that the choir raises across the whole of germany , the money all adds up .
&quot; in total , we have already sent around 200,000 euros to esitjeni , &quot; said annette lennartz , chairperson of the association .
in the village itself , zodwa dlamini , a self-assured and assertive woman , manages the money from germany .
she makes sure that the orphans have good accommodation , for example with one of their grandmothers .
the gogos , as the old ladies are called in zulu , are the pillars of the village .
some of them have up to 14 orphans living with them , providing them with a roof over their heads and making sure that the children get to their school classes punctually every day , in their school uniforms .
anyone who doesn &apos;t have anyone left , arrives at the shelter with khanyisile , a single woman who earns the same salary from the association as the two cooks who cook for more than 200 hungry children every day .
in addition , &quot; voices for africa &quot; has established a sewing school , built two chicken coops and , together with the american health organisation , psi , organised for many in the village to be tested for hiv .
this is nothing to be taken for granted , as is clearly the attitude towards illness throughout the entire country , the best way of keeping things under wraps is if people are dead .
a king with 14 wives
&quot; aids is an absolute taboo subject , &quot; said annette lennartz , &quot; because it is associated with sexuality . &quot;
this is actually strange for a country in which the king officially has 14 wives .
the last absolute monarch of sub-saharan africa , king mswati iii . , is known for his excessive lifestyle .
polygamy in place of democracy .
among other factors , the fact that the hiv virus has spread quickly over the past number of decades can also be attributed to this officially sanctioned lifestyle .
another factor is the large number of migrant workers who carry the virus across the country .
there are free condoms on every corner , said annette lennartz , &quot; but they are hardly used .
the culture prescribes otherwise - flesh to flesh . &quot;
in order to promote the cultural exchange , the imbongi choir travels through southern africa every two or three years and sings songs of melancholy , fighting spirit , confidence and black self-esteem , which many from the southern tip of the black continent still know from the times of apartheid .
a bus full of white people , who sing songs in a black language - this degree of recognition brings not only morale and joy , but some grim-faced border soldiers even shed a few tears .
the journey always leads to esitjeni , where the singers visit their sponsor children .
even though you can barely find the small village on a map , it is more than well-known in the valley of the ezulweni river .
&quot; go to esitjeni , that &apos;s where the light is , &quot; say the people there .
and if you make the 8,733-kilometre flight back to heidelberg , to visit the stomping singers in their rehearsal room , you &apos;ll see that the light is there too .
messenger : nasa discovers ice on mercury
the messenger probe has found evidence of ice on the planet mercury .
it is thought that the ice cover may be up to 20 metres thick .
the us space agency , nasa , has proven the existence of ice on the planet mercury .
although the planet lies closest to the sun , it does have frozen water - as shown in three studies published on thursday in specialist magazine &quot; science . &quot;
the messenger probe has found evidence that there is an ice cover in the region of the planet that lies permanently in shadow .
this is thought to be at east 30 centimetres and perhaps up to 20 metres thick .
the water presumably came from comets or perhaps also asteroids that impacted with mercury .
however , no-one is linking the discovery of ice with the existence of life on the planet , said chief scientist for the messenger probe , sean solomon .
the temperature on mercury can reach up to 426 degrees celsius .
that said , the findings could help explain how water and other building blocks of life reached other regions of the solar system .
unknown to the majority of the earth &apos;s inhabitants , there are probes , telescopes and small robots such as the phoenix , deployed to research the depths of the universe .
from time to time , they transmit images to earth : small peepholes into the infinite expanse .
this image comes from a camera developed by german researchers at the max planck institute .
the eight planets of our solar system , plus the dwarf planet ceres .
like pluto , which orbits around the sun behind neptune , ceres is not a planet according to the new definition of the term issued by the international astronomical union in 2006 .
this image section from an infrared recording by the spitzer telescope shows a &quot; family portrait &quot; of countless generations of stars : the oldest stars are seen as blue dots , while more difficult to identify are the pink-coloured &quot; new-borns &quot; in the star delivery room .
this star-forming region - rather unromantically named w5 by scientists - was discovered by the spitzer telescope in the cassiopeia constellation , at a distance of 6,500 light years away .
this shimmering glow of a dying star was captured by nasa &apos;s spitzer telescope .
the donut-shaped ring consists of material , ejected by the star in the process of dying .
in the huge trifid nebula , 5,400 light years away from the earth , new stars are created from gas and dust .
nasa &apos;s spitzer telescope shot this photo of the galactic delivery room .
the pleiades star cluster , also referred to as &quot; the seven sisters , &quot; can be seen with the bare eye at night .
with the telescope , however , the colours really come into their own .
in this infrared photo , the helix nebula looks back at the observer like a red eye .
it is located 700 light years away in the aquarius constellation .
its similarity with the continent resulted in this nebula acquiring the title &apos; north america &apos; .
a combination of normal and infrared photography produced the spectacular colouring .
this baby star could only be captured in its full beauty using the spitzer telescope &apos;s infrared detectors .
saturn and its rings : how these occurred is the greatest puzzle in the field of astronomy .
perhaps they are the remnants of a moon of saturn , which disappeared without a trace 4.5 billion years ago .
one of the largest and sharpest pictures from the hubble telescope : the whirlpool galaxy
depending on the colouring , photographs of spiral galaxies can become genuine works of art .
the photograph published by the european southern observatory shows the trifid nebula in the sagittarius constellation , several thousand light years away .
the name trifid stems from the latin word trifidus ( divided into three parts ) , as dark stripes of dust divide the core of the birthplace of stars into three parts .
in the ophiuchus constellation , astronomers have photographed the signs of a cosmic collision : 400 million light years from the earth , the cores of two merging galaxies move rapidly towards one another , destined to collide .
this star birth was captured by the hubble telescope in the m83 spiral galaxy .
anyone who doesn &apos;t like technical abbreviations may prefer to call it by its nickname , the southern catherine wheel .
the photo taken by the hubble space telescope shows a section of the iris nebula in the cepheus constellation .
the nebula , 1,400 light years away , consists of particles of dust that are ten to one hundred times smaller than standard house dust .
this image was put together from the x-ray images captured by various telescopes .
it shows a ring of black holes , 430 million light years away from the earth .
this group of galaxies , named arp 273 , was pictured for nasa by the hubble space telescope .
scientists call the larger spiral galaxy ugc 1810 .
this star nebula is home to the brightest group of young stars in our milky way .
this &apos; star cradle &apos; continually produces new youngsters .
likewise , this star cloud , connected to the rosette nebula , continually produces new baby stars - 5000 light years away from the earth .
in this bright shining galaxy with one small black hole , there exists no dust - only gas .
researchers presume that it only came into being shortly after the big bang , when the universe was comprised primarily of hydrogen .
our view of the universe : the most important telescopes
the telescope is thought to have been invented in 1608 by hans lipperhey - even before galileo galilei used the device to observe the stars one year later .
since then , the mirrors in optical telescopes have become increasingly large and the insights that they provide increasingly profound .
for a period of 30 years , namely from 1947 until 1975 , the hale telescope in the palomar observatory near san diego was the largest telescope in the world .
the mirror , shown in the image , had a diameter of five metres .
arizona , usa , is home to the large binocular telescope .
it enables views of space via two mirrors , each with a diameter of 8.4 metres .
the inner workings of the gran telescopio canarias on the canarian island of la palma are huge - the mirror alone has a diameter of 10.4 metres .
the mirror of the southern african large telescope in south africa is segmented - to reduce costs .
in spite of this it achieves a diameter of around eleven metres .
the disadvantage of this inexpensive construction method : the telescope is securely clamped at its angle of inclination and its movement is therefore limited .
the hobby eberly telescope in texas also has a fixed angle of inclination .
what sets it apart : the high light-gathering capacity .
this - in spite of its comparatively low mirror diameter - even matches that of the world &apos;s largest reflector telescopes .
with the help of a radio telescope in arecibo ( puerto rico ) researchers can listen for extraterrestrial signals in space .
the radio telescope has a diameter of 305 metres .
in the &quot; search for extraterrestrial intelligence &quot; ( seti ) every computer owner can be of assistance , by making his / her processing capacity available .
view of the european southern observatory ( eso ) in the chilean andes .
this is home to the very large telescope , which lives up to its name .
with its total of four mirrors , the telescope can also focus on the medial infrared spectrum .
likewise to be located at the eso observatory in chile , the european extremely large telescope is also being planned .
its main mirror is to span a full 42 metres and will be made from almost 1,000 mirror elements .
however , images are not to be expected until 2018 at the earliest .
until 2007 , the two keck telescopes at the hawaiian volcano , mauna kea , were the largest in the world .
they each have two mirrors , each with a diameter of ten meters .
the keck telescopes are part of the mauna kea observatory , which alongside the keck telescopes , can look to the heavens with the help of the subaru telescope and the irttf .
another huge new telescope is also to be built on the mauna kea , with a mirror diameter of thirty metres .
here you can marvel at an artist &apos;s impression .
however , the most important insights into space are provided by the hubble space telescope .
since 24 april 1990 it has been supplying images of distant worlds .
since march 2009 the kepler space telescope has been searching for extra-solar planets , especially for any that may be inhabitable .
on 2 february 2011 it was announced by nasa that 1,235 planetary candidates had been identified since the mission began .
the image documents the final launch preparations on the kepler space telescope .
the james webb space telescope ( jwst ) will be launched into space on board an ariane5 rocket by 2018 at the earliest .
the primary mirror of the infrared space telescope has a diameter of 6.5 metres .
one of the telescope &apos;s tasks is to search for light from the first stars and galaxies that emerged after the big bang .
scientists are assuming that ice also exists at mercury &apos;s south pole .
however , there is no reliable data in support of this as the messenger orbits around the planets much closer to the north pole .
for decades , radar measurements have indicated that there is ice on mercury .
thanks to the messenger probe that was launched in 2004 , the first to orbit mercury , scientists can now be certain .
drink butter on a daily basis - and live to 168 years of age
in southern azerbaijan , many people reach biblical ages .
there is even a museum of longevity .
a hunt for evidence in the country in which 97 years old is still comparatively young .
in southern azerbaijan , many people reach ages that can almost be considered biblical .
there is even a museum of longevity .
a hunt for evidence in the country in which 97 years old is still comparatively young .
the journey through the talysh mountains can be described as wild and romantic .
the minibus rumbles over the winding streets , past densely wooded hills , raging rivers and simple farmhouses .
everywhere is green and lush - you could be forgiven for thinking you were in the black forest .
however , this is the deep south of azerbaijan , and the border with iran is just a few kilometres away .
this is the home of the caucasian people group , the talysh , of whom not much is known except that they speak perfect persian and azeri and live long lives .
the final stop is lerik .
the small town is bursting with overpowering architecture from soviet times , which doesn &apos;t fit with the picturesque mountain landscape at all .
tourists from europe rarely come here ; the journey from azerbaijan &apos;s capital city , baku , is too arduous .
it takes eight hours to travel the 323 kilometres , as too much of the route is just a single track .
the fabulous wealth , for which the country has its oil in the caspian sea to thank , has not yet arrives here in the province .
yet pilata fatulayeva ( 48 ) is convinced that lerik has what it takes to be a tourist attraction .
&quot; baku became famous in may due to the eurovision song contest , and next year we are having a festival to celebrate the oldest people in the world , &quot; said fatulayeva .
she is the director of the museum of longevity , most likely the only of its kind in the world .
here the lives of eight dozen talysh from the area who lived to older than 100 are documented . fatulayeva points out a black &amp; white photo .
this here is my grandfather , he was 120 years old .
at the age of 136 he fathered another child .
however , the unrivalled star of the museum is shepherd shirali muslimov who is said to have lived to 168 years old .
however no birth certificate exists to confirm this .
and given that the longest confirmed lifespan was 122 years of age , muslimov &apos;s claim seems extremely doubtful .
&quot; he was born in 1805 , here in the region , and died in 1973 , &quot; explains fatulayeva .
the man married three times and had 23 children , and is said to have fathered another daughter at the age of 136 .
so did shirali muslimov miscalculate his age by a couple of decades ?
but rembrandt scholz , researcher on ageing at the max planck institute in rostock , has also heard of people living to impressive ages in central asia .
&quot; a strikingly high number of extremely elderly people can also be found in some areas of china , in japan or the hunza valley in pakistan , &quot; said scholz , &quot; while there is also an extremely large number of very old men in sardinia . &quot;
due to lacking documentation , however , there is no scientific proof of age , particularly as there are no birth registers .
melted butter by the glass , every day
however , the fact remains that the people of the region surrounding lerik reach a biblical age with striking regularity .
there are currently 20 individuals older than 100 years of age .
so why do so many very old people live here in the south ?
the azeri travel guide farid mugimzadeh explains this as being due to the special talysh genetics .
in contrast , museum director fatulayeva believes that it is due to diet .
however the notion that the calorie-rich diet of the talysh , who love meat , bread and especially dairy products , and of whom many drink a glass of melted butter on a daily basis , could be considered healthy from a nutrition science perspective does not really seem plausible either .
or is it the traditional way of life that keeps the people young ? in cengemiran , a tiny settlement not far from the town of lerik , lives rubaba mirzayeva .
at 97 years old she is still comparatively young for the area .
mirzayeva , who claims to have 143 descendants , lives in a simple wooden house , which is typical of the entire caucasus region .
she sits on the floor with a butter churn , which she rolls backwards and forwards tirelessly .
eight people live here under this roof , including one of mirzayeva &apos;s sons and a daughter , both of whom have been grandparents for some time .
there are also two small children running around .
in the kitchen , tea is prepared for the guests , which is served in typical , bulging armadu glasses .
mirzayeva &apos;s white teeth stand in perfect rank and file , beneath her headscarf she conceals long , dark blond plaits , which her son proudly reveals for us .
i have always washed my hair with milk , and it has never fallen out or lost its colour .
&quot; i have never used shampoo either , &quot; said mirzayeva .
monthly pension is enough to live on
she has only ever eaten what she could get from her own farm - tomatoes , potatoes , peas .
my whole life i have never once bought groceries in the supermarket .
then she tells of her husband who was in the army .
things were at their worst during the time after the second world war .
however , everything became better when the &quot; beloved father &quot; heydar aliyev took the rudder .
the propaganda seems strange coming from the mouth of an old lady .
yet the cult that revolved around the father figure for the nation , who governed his country like a dictator practically knows no limits in azerbaijan .
he held power until 2003 and his son ilham later took over the helm .
at least there is no deprivation among azerbaijan &apos;s elderly .
mirzayeva receives 230 manat ( around the same sum in euros ) per month as her pension , which in a local context is an amount on which one can live comfortably .
and perhaps mirzayeva &apos;s long greying son is right : &quot; the elderly enjoy a deep respect in our culture . &quot;
they live among their extended family , are loved , cared for and are happy .
if this is not a reason to live for as long as possible , then what is ?
the notion of &quot; human rights &quot; is omitted from the constitution .
the revolution has returned to cairo .
competing demonstrations in cairo reveal the deep division within the country .
the future constitution based on sharia law is fiercely disputed .
the egyptian president is not holding back his emotion .
we must make the transition .
&quot; and making sure it succeeds is my responsibility , before the people and before god , &quot; he said on state television .
his speech was aimed at the entire population , however in particular at the coptic christians , the liberals , enlightened muslims and secularists .
for all of them , until now hopelessly estranged in a bewildered opposition , are fearful .
they are fearful of a god state on the nile at the mercy of the powerful muslim brotherhood .
according to mohamed mursi , speaking almost apologetically , he has temporarily restricted the authority of the constitutional court and increased his own authority , &quot; in order to rescue the revolution . &quot;
however , egyptians - and the world - are not entirely sure what the 61-year-old engineer who holds a doctorate from the american university of southern california , really wants to save .
should the judiciary be deprived of power ?
in actual fact , the 234 articles , which have been pushed through by the islamic-dominated 110-person constituent assembly , are in some aspects cause for concern .
as was also the case under previous constitutions , under the draft judicature is justified on the &quot; principles of islamic law . &quot;
yet what are &quot; principles &quot; ?
this was and remains subject to interpretation and there is concern that the islamists will make use of the woolly formulation and the resulting room for legal manoeuvre in favour of a stricter interpretation of sharia law .
this is at least suggested by one newly added article : in all issues affecting sharia law , the al ashar university must be consulted , the country &apos;s most important islamic institution , which has great influence throughout the whole of sunni islam .
this can , but does not necessarily have to mean that the clergy will oversee legislation , which would result in the de facto incapacitation of the judiciary .
much in the constitutional draft is open to interpretation
also problematic : civil military jurisdiction will continue to be upheld .
during mubarak &apos;s rule , these courts served to suppress opposition .
following the fall of the dictator , up to 11,000 civilians were under military imprisonment .
according to the draft , the state should also protect &quot; the true character of the egyptian family , and promote its morals and values . &quot;
from a legal perspective , this is formulated in such an unclear manner that state institutions could even use this article to control the content of cinematic art and literature .
in plain language , this is nothing other than censorship .
incidentally , no article explicitly establishes the equality of men and women .
another does prohibit the insult or slander of the prophet mohamed and his emissaries .
however , what constitutes an insult and how this should be sanctioned remains unclear .
equally dubious is the formulation stating that &quot; insulting people &quot; is forbidden .
is a caricature of the president sufficient , or a joke at the expense of a jurist ?
open to interpretation , like so much in the draft submitted by mursi to be signed and that , in his own words , will be submitted to egyptians for referendum &quot; very soon . &quot;
&quot; the revolution is back &quot;
for weeks the opposition has been gathering to combat the superior strength of the islamists .
tens of thousands gathered on friday evening at the tahrir square in cairo , in unfamiliar unity , and pledged to bring down the charter before it has even come into effect .
&quot; the revolution is back and we are going to be victorious , &quot; said hamdin sabbahi , third place candidate in the presidential elections .
noble peace prize winner and former head of the international atomic energy authority , mohamed el-baradei explained that the constitutional draft belongs &quot; on the rubbish tip of history . &quot;
via sms service twitter , he accused mursi &apos;s followers of wanting to lead &quot; a coup against democracy . &quot;
&quot; if he calls for the referendum , we will go to his palace and overthrow him , &quot; said member of the opposition jasser said .
&quot; we have not yet grown tired , the blood of our brothers has not yet been atoned for , &quot; stated the egyptian media , quoting opposition politician chaled ali .
and several judges have signalled that they do not want to oversee the referendum , which would render it invalid .
&quot; the koran is our constitution &quot;
the well-organised muslim brotherhood gathered for a counter-demonstration , although acting cautiously they did not choose the tahrir square but rather a mass prayer on the other side of the nile , outside the cairo university .
many veiled women and followers of the salafis took part , shouting out : &quot; the people demand the application of god &apos;s law . &quot;
they demanded of mursi : &quot; cleanse the country ! &quot; and protested : &quot; the koran is our constitution . &quot;
a struggle for control over the symbolic tahrir square , where everything began , would have most likely provoked events verging on civil war .
quite clearly , this was something that mursi &apos;s followers did not want to risk .
the muslim brothers stated that both those against and those in favour of the constitutional draft had expressed themselves loud and clear .
now is the time to let the population decide at the ballot box , in which direction the country should move forward .
it is a certainty that there is a majority in favour of the islamists &apos; draft .
&quot; the term &apos; human rights &apos; does not even appear once &quot;
hafez abu saeda is furious about this forced constitutive process , which actually should have lasted until february and should have involved all social interest groups .
the 48-year-old human rights lawyer and chairman of the egyptian organisation for human rights ( eohr ) defended the muslim brotherhood , when imprisoned or in court under mubarak .
not because he shared their world view , but because for him , human rights are indivisible .
for this he was battered , condemned and imprisoned .
&quot; and now the term human rights does not even appear once in the new constitution , &quot; he bemoaned in a discussion with &quot; welt am sonntag . &quot;
the lawyer has resigned himself to mursi extending his power to all three branches of state government .
these measures are blatant breaches of the ground rules of democracy and will guide egypt into a new dictatorship .
&quot; instead of strengthening the civil society , the president is effectively suspending it , &quot; complained saeda .
yet without civil society organisations , a democracy cannot function .
saeda feels abandoned , even by the international community , which is observing the battle over the ideological direction on the nile with a mixture of curiosity and excitement .
this could come back to haunt them .
one demonstrator at the tahrir warned : &quot; you are letting loose a monster that you can no longer control . &quot;
norway &apos;s rakfisk : is this the world &apos;s smelliest fish ?
norway &apos;s five million people enjoy one of the highest standards of living , not just in europe , but in the world .
could the secret of the country &apos;s success be connected to the local appetite for some exceedingly smelly fish ?
take a selection of over-ripe cheeses .
place them in the midst of a pile of dirty , wet soccer kit .
leave for a week .
now you have the nose-numbing smell of rakfisk , one of the great norwegian delicacies .
i am in the small town of fagernes , about three hours from oslo .
there is snow , spectacular scenery - and that odour , ever present , hangs in the air .
rakfisk is trout sprinkled with salt and fermented in water for - depending on how smelly you like your fish - up to a year .
as the dark sets in and the weather turns cold , norwegians flock to a festival here in fagernes devoted to this most , well , captivating of foods .
&quot; you eat it raw , and then swallow a glass of aquavit , &quot; says havard halvarsen , full-time local firefighter but also the so-called &quot; rakfisk general , &quot; in charge of running the festival .
all around us people are eating little cubes of the fish and knocking back quantities of drink .
&quot; some people like the aquavit more than the rakfisk , &quot; says havard .
the drink can kill the smell .
i try a few pieces .
if you can avoid passing it under your nose , it is not bad - not unlike a slice of sushi that has been on rather a long bus journey .
rakfisk is a product of very different , poverty-stricken times in norway when , pre-refrigeration , fish was soaked in airtight barrels of water and salt in autumn .
then in the depths of winter , well and truly fermented , it is taken out and - no doubt with the senses knocked out by alcohol - eaten .
only a generation ago , thousands of norwegians were forced to leave their country in search of work , emigrating mainly to the us .
now the population is expanding fast - more than 13 % are immigrants , attracted by plentiful jobs , high wages and a comprehensive care system .
people from sweden , the old rival and not so long ago far richer than norway , stream in to work .
rakfisk is seen as signifying something important , a vital if rather smelly part of norway &apos;s past .
it is among the more expensive dishes you can buy .
but then everything is expensive - a small glass of beer or a sandwich knock you back £ 9 ( $ 14 ) each .
norway does not often make it on to the global news agenda - and most seem to like it that way .
people here are still loath to mention by name anders breivik , the right-wing , racist extremist who gunned down and killed 77 men , women and children last year .
instead , the shootings are referred to as &quot; the july the 22nd incident . &quot;
norwegians find it very difficult to believe that in their peace-loving country one of their own was capable of such brutality and murder .
the growth since the early 1970s of one of the world &apos;s biggest oil and gas industries lies behind much of norway &apos;s present-day wealth .
&quot; but oil is not the only reason we are doing so well , &quot; says anna our waitress , handing round trays of maturing rakfisk and , with her long blond hair and startlingly blue eyes , the image of nordic well-being .
we are a - how you say - prudent people .
her english , like that of most people here , is flawless .
we are not very showy , we do not like ostentation .
norway has handled its oil wealth very carefully - all but a small percentage of money from the industry is invested in a special fund for the benefit of future generations .
when everyone else was throwing around money they did not have , in the years leading up to the global financial crash , norway kept its purse strings tightly bound .
&quot; as long as we can ski in winter and go hiking in summer we are happy , &quot; says anna .
&quot; and eat rakfisk , &quot; she adds with a carefree laugh .
i stand in the snow and queue for something to eat - i have had enough rakfisk .
now an elk burger is certainly something different and rather succulent to the taste .
but in the evening , it is more of that smelly fish .
the hotel i am staying in is one of a number of venues hosting a rakfisk dinner where guests vote on the best - or perhaps the most nasally challenging - fish .
there is a live tv link up to a compere in a bow tie surrounded by plates of rakfisk .
it is like the eurovision song contest .
&quot; what score do you have for the best fish up there in the mountains thor-juergen ? &quot;
&quot; here are our points , havard . &quot;
there is clapping , laughter .
a man falls off his chair , perhaps overcome with aquavit .
or maybe it is the fumes from all that fish .
mexico &apos;s enrique pena nieto faces tough start
as mexico &apos;s incoming president enrique pena nieto prepares to take office , the bbc &apos;s will grant looks at the challenges facing him and the mixed expectations of his population .
traffic in mexico city is particularly bad at present .
a congested city at the best of times , a ring of steel has been erected since monday cutting off several key routes into the capital and causing chaos on the roads .
the aim , however , wasn &apos;t to stop commuters getting to work but prevent protesters from reaching parliament .
on saturday , mexico &apos;s new president enrique pena nieto will receive the presidential sash and take over the running of the nation .
he faces a complicated task .
mexico has been performing well economically under the outgoing administration of felipe calderon , but the country is in the grip of a drug war , which has already claimed an estimated 60,000 lives in six years .
&quot; my government has a great commitment to the mexican people to reduce the violence , &quot; mr pena nieto told us president barack obama in the oval office earlier this week .
i will be proposing a new security strategy which will allow us to achieve that aim .
before rubbing shoulders with the us president , mr pena nieto &apos;s previous political experience was as governor of his home state , the state of mexico .
a populous , sprawling state surrounding the capital , opinions about the new leader are divided in his old stomping ground .
a straightforward man
in the bucolic town of valle del bravo , for example , he is remembered fondly .
residents credit him with boosting tourism in the resort and building infrastructure .
to reach the town you can drive along one of mr pena nieto &apos;s new motorways , a vast improvement on the cracked and bumpy roads it replaced .
plaques bearing his name also hang outside a modern sports centre and an impressive interactive museum about climate change .
&quot; we are looking to him to bring about real and lasting change , &quot; says friend and political ally gabriel olvera hernandez , a state congressman for mr pena nieto &apos;s party , the pri .
particularly in terms of security and the economy , we &apos;re hoping for an interesting and true change which our country so badly needs .
after an unbroken 81 years in power , the pri was ousted in 2000 by vicente fox .
congressman olvera admits that after 12 years outside the presidential palace of los pinos , there is much expectation within the party about enrique pena nieto .
and he rejects the opposition &apos;s characterisation of the new president as lacking substance .
he &apos;s a very straightforward man , very committed with an excellent vision of the country .
he &apos;s an excellent statesman and , above all , he &apos;s someone who knows how to listen .
but on the other side of the state , that is not the impression many people have of their former governor .
in nezahualcoyotl , also known as ciudad neza , the contrast with the cobbled streets of valle del bravo couldn &apos;t be sharper .
tucked away under motorway flyovers , it is in many ways a suburb of mexico city itself .
and the problems in the municipality are also gritty and urban .
earlier this year , the military was called in to help tackle the drug gangs operating in the neighbourhoods , and violence against women is particularly acute .
on a patch of wasteland by a vast landfill site , the bodies of dozens of murdered women have been dumped over the past two years alone .
more than 1,000 women were killed in mexico state while mr pena nieto was governor , a rate much higher than in the notoriously violent city of ciudad juarez - a place synonymous with the murder of innocent women .
mr pena nieto &apos;s critics say , at best , he failed to adequately address the problem of femicide while he was in office .
at worst , they accuse his administration of turning a blind eye .
in a concrete home typical of the rundown neighbourhood , irinea buendia struggles to fight back the tears as she shows me photos of her late daughter , mariana luna .
according to the official version of events , mariana committed suicide in 2010 .
however her family believes she was murdered by her partner .
&quot; when i arrived at her house it seemed her body had been washed , &quot; senora buendia recalls .
there were signs she &apos;d been beaten , and rigor mortis had already set in .
as her mother recounts the story , a picture of mariana looks down from the walls , next to a cross bearing a single word : justice .
however , that is exactly what the family say they have been denied .
the state authorities have treated me like i &apos;m an old gossip , a trouble-maker , a whiner .
what they want is that one simply accepts what they say and shuts up .
&quot; but that can &apos;t be right when there were so many irregularities and omissions , &quot; she says .
as president pena nieto receives the sash on saturday , it comes with a heavy responsibility .
tens of thousands of families have been affected by violent crime in mexico over the past six years and the new president has promised to make them a priority during his time in office .
&quot; i hope he &apos;s the same kind of president as he was a governor , &quot; says pri congressman olvera in valle del bravo .
that , however , is exactly what victims &apos; families in ciudad neza most fear .
bradley manning didn &apos;t complain about mistreatment , prosecutors contend
prosecutors try to counter bradley manning &apos;s claims of abuse in confinement
the hearing focuses on manning &apos;s time in the military brig at quantico , virginia
defense wants case dismissed on grounds that manning &apos;s confinement was harsh
the army private is accused of stealing thousands of classified documents
prosecutors tried to establish friday that army private bradley manning -- charged in the largest leak of classified material in u.s. history -- missed multiple opportunities to complain about the mistreatment he &apos;s alleging he suffered in military custody .
while cross-examining manning at a pre-trial hearing at ft . meade , maryland , prosecutor maj. ashden fein asserted that records of weekly visits manning had with unit officers during nine months of detention at quantico , virginia , show no complaints about his treatment .
the cross-examination -- during a hearing on a defense motion to have manning &apos;s case dismissed on grounds that his confinement has been harsh and has amounted to enough punishment -- came a day after manning testified that he had considered suicide while in custody .
the army intelligence analyst , arrested in june 2010 , is accused of stealing thousands of classified documents while serving in iraq .
the material was then published online by wikileaks .
wikileaks has never confirmed that manning was the source of its information .
in friday &apos;s hearing , fein reviewed with manning the forms that officers filled out after meeting with manning during his detention at quantico &apos;s brig , where he was held under a heightened confinement status from july 2010 to april 2011 .
officers would ask manning questions and write down his responses .
when fein asked about the forms friday , manning acknowledged that he rated treatment by his guards as &quot; excellent &quot; and treatment by the facility overall as &quot; very professional . &quot;
the forms show no complaints of mistreatment , even though the officers asked manning directly about his treatment , fein contended .
manning responded that he would verbally express concern about issues and that the visiting officers would talk through the concerns and indicate that they would be addressed , but they didn &apos;t record the issues .
&quot; they would write down &apos; no issues &apos; ( after discussing the concerns ) , and it didn &apos;t necessarily mean i didn &apos;t bring something up , &quot; manning said .
the judge , army col. denise lind , also asked manning why he didn &apos;t complain about his treatment during a january 2011 meeting with a board examining the suicidal thoughts he expressed in a form months earlier .
manning replied that his intention during that meeting was to get his &quot; prevention of injury &quot; status downgraded .
the military said they put him on this restrictive status -- a step below suicide watch -- for his protection and the safety of others .
&quot; i wanted staff to know i was fine , and ( i wanted to ) get off the poi status ... to enjoy an increased quality of life from my viewpoint , &quot; manning said .
manning testified thursday about his arrest in iraq and his transfer to kuwait , where he was held for nearly two months before being transferred to the brig at marine base quantico in virginia in july 2010 .
he said he contemplated suicide in kuwait and once passed out there due to the heat .
he said not being allowed to know what was happening to him or in the outside world was distressing .
&quot; my world just shrink to camp arafjon , to that cage , &quot; manning said thursday .
i thought i was going to die in that cage .
once at quantico , manning said , he spend most days in a small cell -- at least 21 hours and often more than 23 hours -- with no company .
manning said he was allowed only a mattress , blanket , flip-flops , some clothes and his glasses .
he said he tried to keep moving , because sleeping during the day or even lying down was against the rules .
manning said he always slept with light from outside his cell in his eyes .
if guards could not see his face when he rolled over at night , he said they would wake him to roll back over .
manning &apos;s lawyer filed a formal objection to manning &apos;s treatment in january 2011 .
manning was moved to the military prison at fort leavenworth , kansas , in april 2011 .
also friday , the judge asked manning about an allegation that he made in thursday &apos;s testimony -- that after being forced to sleep naked one night in his quantico cell , he was forced to stand naked in front of guards and other inmates during a morning head count .
manning had testified that he was never given a chance to cover himself with his blanket during the head count .
under questioning from the judge friday , manning said that he inferred from his guard &apos;s order that he should drop a blanket that could have covered him , but he acknowledged that no one had ordered him to drop it .
manning testified thursday that he was forced to sleep naked the previous night because of his attempt to show an officer that he wasn &apos;t a danger to himself .
manning said that he told the officer that he could have used the waistband of his underwear or his flip-flops to hurt himself but hadn &apos;t done so .
that night , manning testified , his underwear , flip-flops and glasses were removed from his cell .
his lawyers hope the judge will at least take his experiences during confinement into account and sharply reduce his sentence should he be convicted at his court-martial , which is expected to begin early next year .
the defense has said it plans to have manning plead guilty to lesser offenses and fight other charges as being too extreme .
the hearing is scheduled to resume this weekend , with prosecutors expected to argue that the detention conditions were warranted .
the pentagon has maintained that manning was held in accordance with rules governing all maximum-custody detainees at quantico .
counts against manning include aiding the enemy , wrongfully causing intelligence to be published on the internet , transmitting national defense information and theft of public property or records .
if he &apos;s convicted on all counts , he could face a life sentence .
my mexican-american identity crisis
he says many were forced to leave mexico because of the lack of opportunities there
mexicans tend to fault those who left ; they remind mexicans of hard times , he says
navarrette says mexican-americans are caught between two worlds
on a recent trip to mexico city , i had barely made my way down the concourse and arrived at the immigration processing area when i got stumped .
signs pointed the way to two lines : one for &quot; mexicanos &quot; ( &quot; mexicans &quot; ) , another for &quot; extranjeros &quot; ( &quot; foreigners . &quot; )
i stood there for a few seconds , unsure of where to go .
growing up in central california , i had been called a &quot; mexican &quot; my entire life .
it &apos;s ethnic shorthand in the same way that my friends in boston refer to themselves as &quot; irish &quot; or my friends in new york describe themselves as &quot; italian . &quot;
later , i settled on &quot; mexican-american . &quot;
but , this was mexico .
and , in the homeland of my grandfather , there was no need for shorthand or hyphens .
i was simply an american .
i speak spanish , good enough to handle either end of an interview in that language .
but i don &apos;t have the vocabulary of a native , and i can &apos;t shake my american accent .
so i took my u.s. passport and got in the line for extranjeros .
i thought about that moment this week when mexican president-elect enrique pena nieto visited the white house to meet with president obama .
on the agenda , as usual , when the leaders of these two countries meet : immigration , drugs and trade .
pena nieto was also eager to talk about the growth of the mexican economy , which is one reason that mexicans are now just as likely to stay in mexico as venture to the united states .
he wants to partner with the united states and canada , and create a european union-style trading bloc in north america .
and pena nieto vowed to continue mexico &apos;s war against the drug cartels , even though he offered no specifics .
for mexico , the relationship with the united states is complicated and filled with hard feelings .
most americans probably never give a thought to the fact that , in 1848 , the united states invaded mexico and forced its leaders to sign over half their territory at the point of rifle .
but for mexicans , who think in terms of centuries , not minutes , the reminders are everywhere .
so the minute that a u.s. official says anything the least bit critical of mexico , you start hearing -- in the mexican press , and among the elites -- complaints about how the americans are encroaching upon their neighbor &apos;s sovereignty .
and the children of montezuma go on the warpath .
and yet , for mexico , the really challenging relationship is with the more than 35 million mexican-americans living in the united states .
you want to talk about hard feelings ?
there is plenty .
mexico has winners and losers , people for whom the country provides opportunities and others for whom it doesn &apos;t .
the only reason you have so many people of mexican ancestry living in cities like los angeles , las vegas , phoenix , denver or san antonio is because , at some point in our family tree , there was a person , maybe a parent or grandparent , who was shut out from opportunity in mexico and had to go north .
and more often than not , that person fit a profile -- dark skin , little education , from a poor village , etc .
we &apos;re their offspring , and we &apos;re loyal to them .
not mexico .
and even though we may now be living the american dream , having gone to good schools and taken good jobs , we can never lose sight of the fact that it &apos;s the american dream we &apos;re living , and not the mexican one .
our identity might sometimes be fuzzy , but our loyalty is clear .
it &apos;s to the united states .
besides , we &apos;re aware that many of the elite mexicans in the ruling class don &apos;t like us .
the feeling is mutual .
they see us as a reminder of a humiliating defeat and look down on us as inferior stock that isn &apos;t sufficiently mexican .
our spanish will never be good enough , our ties to mexico never strong enough .
our existence is , as they see it , all about failure .
if our families hadn &apos;t failed in mexico , they wouldn &apos;t have left .
and we wouldn &apos;t now find ourselves trapped behind the silk curtain , living well in the united states but lost souls nonetheless .
my wife , who was born in guadalajara and came to the united states legally as a child , reminds me that there is friction between mexicans and mexican-americans because mexicans have a firmer grasp of who they are and mexican-americans resent that .
while she &apos;s a u.s. citizen , she sees herself as a part of two countries .
meanwhile , many mexican-americans i know don &apos;t feel like they &apos;re a part of either .
we love listening to the mexican band , los tigres del norte , but also to bruce springsteen .
you get the best of both worlds , but you &apos;re rooted in neither .
in mexico , we &apos;re seen as americans .
and in the united states , we &apos;re considered mexican .
now , to complicate the relationship even further , as i learned during my trip , some mexican leaders and parts of the intelligentsia want to reconnect with the diaspora .
they want to put mexican-americans to work as makeshift &quot; ambassadors &quot; for mexico , representing its interest in the united states .
we would tell our fellow americans what a great country this is to visit and pressure political leaders to strengthen ties with mexico .
yeah .
that &apos;s not going to happen .
too many hard feelings .
and , with income inequality and rampant corruption and drug violence , many of us are not so sure that it is a great country .
i &apos;m afraid you &apos;re on your own , amigos .
that &apos;s fair .
if at least some mexicans aren &apos;t yet ready to forgive the united states for how it treated mexico a century and a half ago , then they have to accept the fact that some mexican-americans still hold a grudge for how their family members were treated much more recently than that .
hmmm .
maybe we &apos;re more &quot; mexican &quot; than i thought .
old battles , new middle east
the ceasefire between israel and hamas could yet be an unlikely foundation for peace
can there ever be a lasting peace between arabs and jews in the middle east ?
another round of bloodshed suggests that any such hope is vain .
amid the usual futile arguments over who started it , scores of buildings have been reduced to rubble ; more than 140 palestinians , most of them civilians , and six israelis have been killed ; and , for the first time , missiles from gaza have landed near tel aviv , israel &apos;s metropolis , and the holy city of jerusalem .
but though the israelis and palestinians seem stuck in their ancient conflict , all around them the middle east is changing .
the arab spring has thrown the pieces up in the air , and , like it or not , the palestinians and israelis are caught up in the regional turmoil .
maybe this will make their struggle bloodier than before .
however , there are reasons for thinking it could just break their lethal stalemate .
a war that is neither lost or won
at first sight , optimism looks very hard to justify now .
even if the ceasefire agreed on november 21st holds , this week &apos;s fighting has strengthened the hawks on both sides .
the leaders of hamas , the islamist movement that has ruled gaza since 2007 , will claim to have forced the israelis to back off , even though gaza has taken a drubbing .
despite killing some of its leaders and bottling up gaza &apos;s 1.7m people in one of the most wretched and crowded corners of the planet , israel has failed to destroy hamas .
indeed hamas is gaining on the west bank , the other bit of palestine currently run by its bitter rivals in fatah , the more moderate palestinian faction .
moreover , hamas &apos;s leaders may well conclude that time is on their side .
as islamists across the arab world have gained clout , so hamas has made powerful and rich friends .
turkey , a resurgent regional power that was once israel &apos;s closest muslim ally , has taken up hamas &apos;s cause ; so has qatar , one of the richest and most dynamic of the gulf states .
jubilant hamas people say an islamist crescent is curving around israel , from lebanon in the north , where the hizbullah party-cum-militia holds sway , through syria , where rebels of an increasingly islamist bent may topple bashar assad , and on down through jordan , where hamas &apos;s allies are menacing the king .
above all , on israel &apos;s southern flank , the rise of the muslim brotherhood under president muhammad morsi in egypt , by far the most populous and pivotal of arab countries , has changed the region &apos;s balance .
hosni mubarak , the secular despot who ran egypt for 30 years until his downfall in 2011 , had little time for hamas .
by contrast , the brotherhood is a cousin of hamas , and its leaders are more subject to popular opinion .
in future diplomacy hamas may emerge as an actor that cannot be shut out even by israel and america .
meanwhile , israel &apos;s hardliners will draw the opposite conclusions .
in military terms , hamas has been put back in its box .
israel &apos;s iron dome anti-missile system has proved its worth and many of hamas &apos;s missiles have been destroyed .
israelis will sleep more soundly - for a while .
in diplomatic terms , america is as steadfast as ever ; many european countries also blamed hamas for starting the latest round of violence .
above all , israel has prospered , especially under binyamin netanyahu , a prime minister who has largely ignored the peace process .
although rockets from gaza have killed around 30 israelis since 2004 , israel has been fairly free of suicide-bombers , thanks in part to the barrier that bites into the west bank , the main chunk of a would-be palestinian state , and protects the jewish settlements that continue to expand despite their illegality in international law .
mr netanyahu , whose likud party has merged with an even more hawkish lot under avigdor lieberman in the run-up to an election on january 22nd , is sitting pretty .
why coddle those twisty palestinians by giving them a state of their own ?
if they really ran the west bank , would they not fire rockets , just as their compatriots have done in gaza ?
better to keep them behind that wall and smite them if they raise their heads .
maybe the hardliners will win out ; yet the arab spring may change their calculations .
even if the islamists taking power in egypt and elsewhere have little love for israel , their priority will be tackling difficulties at home .
israel &apos;s defence budget is bigger than that of its four arab neighbours combined .
starting a war with the local superpower will hardly help the new arab governments mend their economies .
that the pragmatic mr morsi worked with barack obama to obtain a ceasefire augurs well - and might just mark the start of something .
israelis too should look to the longer term .
with the rest of the arab world becoming more democratic , depriving palestinians of their right to self-determination is creating a powder keg that is bound one day to explode in the territories occupied by israel - much as a bus exploded in tel aviv this week .
repression is already undermining democracy in the jewish state , and demography exacerbates this as the arab population swells .
bloody missions against gaza every few years to knock back hamas will exact a growing diplomatic toll .
both sides need prodding by outsiders
the answer remains the one trumpeted by sensible people on both sides , most of the outside world and this newspaper : two states , with israel ceding territory for security .
the hope - a small one in the short term - is that the ceasefire will give a little more leverage to outsiders pushing that cause .
egypt , which must now set about stopping the flow of arms into gaza , along with turkey and qatar , is better placed than ever to persuade hamas to accept the idea of a jewish state based on the 1967 boundaries with land swaps and a shared jerusalem .
arab outsiders should also press hamas and fatah to come together .
that would do more to create a palestinian state than the imminent bid for virtual statehood at the un .
mr obama also has a part in getting israel to the table .
during his first term , he neglected to present his own plan for peace .
back in the white house , he is looking just as reluctant to be drawn in .
this is woefully short-sighted .
america has a vital interest in a stable middle east .
that means a peace settlement between israel and the palestinians .
cigarette plain packaging laws come into force in australia
smoking warnings and diseased body parts emblazoned on dull green boxes that are the same for all tobacco brands
australia &apos;s world-first laws on cigarette and tobacco plain packaging have come into force , replacing brand logos and colours with generic drab olive green coverings , gruesome pictures of diseased body parts and depictions of children and babies made ill by their parents &apos; smoking .
apart from the varying health warnings and images the only difference between the packs , mandatory from saturday , are the brand names , and these are all printed in identical small font .
it is the world &apos;s most strict regime for the packaging of tobacco .
australia &apos;s federal government says the aim is to deter young people from smoking by stripping the habit of glamour .
it is relying on studies showing that if people have not started smoking by age 26 there is a 99 % chance they will never take it up .
&quot; even from a very early age you can see that kids understand the message that the tobacco company is trying to sell through their branding , &quot; said the federal health minister , tanya plibersek , citing studies that showed , for example , children linking a crown in a logo with the idea of being a princess .
while australia has one of the world &apos;s lowest smoking rates and the changes will have little impact on multinationals &apos; profits , other countries are considering similar steps .
the tobacco industry lobbied hard against the laws .
tobacco firms said they would boost black market trade , leading to cheaper , more accessible cigarettes .
&quot; there will be serious unintended consequences from the legislation , &quot; said scott mcintyre of british american tobacco australia .
counterfeiters from china and indonesia will bring lots more of these products down to sell on the streets of australia .
others say the laws have boosted their business .
sandra ha of zico import pty ltd , a small family business , said demand for cigarette cases , silicon covers to mask the unpalatable packages , had shot up from almost nothing two months ago since british american tobacco , britain &apos;s imperial tobacco , philip morris and japan tobacco lost a challenge to the laws in australia &apos;s high court .
ha said zico had sold up to 6,000 to wholesale outlets and was awaiting new stock .
this is good business for us .
the potential hitch , experts say , is the popularity of social media with the very demographic the plan is targeting .
after a series of australian laws banning tv advertising and sports sponsorship and requiring most sellers to hide cigarettes from view , tobacco marketing has moved online .
australia has banned web advertising by local companies and sites but cannot restrict overseas sites .
&quot; if you are a tobacco marketer and you &apos;ve only got this small window left to promote your products , online is the compelling place for you to be in , &quot; said becky freeman , a public health researcher at sydney university .
freeman noted an increase in &quot; average joe &quot; reviews of brands on social media sites such as youtube , twitter and facebook .
we have to ask , is that just a private citizen who really loves marlboro cigarettes and they &apos;ve gone to the trouble of making a video , or is there a marketing company involved ?
british american tobacco australia said the industry was focused on dealing with the new rules rather than marketing .
the industry has gone as far as paying for ukraine , honduras and the dominican republic to challenge the new rules - the countries are claiming at the world trade organisation that trade is being unfairly restricted , despite none of the countries having significant trade with australia .
a wto ruling is likely in mid-2013 .
plibersek said the government had held discussions with other countries considering similar laws on packaging .
canada was the first country to make photograph warnings mandatory in 2001 .
they now extend to more than 40 countries including brazil , turkey and ukraine .
tougher laws are being considered in britain , new zealand , south africa and india .
many smokers in australia remain defiant .
the pictures don &apos;t affect me .
i just ignore them .
&quot; you just grab a smoke and put it away , &quot; said victor el hage as he purchased a pack with a photograph of a mouth tumour .
honestly , there &apos;s only one reason i &apos;d stop , and that &apos;s my little girl .
james yu , who runs the king of the pack tobacconist in central sydney , said the uniform packaging made it harder to stack his shelves
&quot; it used to take me an hour to unload a delivery , now it takes me four hours , &quot; yu said .
&quot; the government should have just banned them altogether and then we &apos;d go ok , fine , we &apos;re done , we &apos;ll shut up shop , &quot; he said , throwing his hands up in the air .
in a constantly plugged-in world , it &apos;s not all bad to be bored
i spent five unexpected hours in an airport this thanksgiving holiday when our plane had mechanical difficulties and we had to wait for another plane to arrive .
so i had plenty of time to think about the subject of boredom .
i won &apos;t lie to you .
half a day in an airport waiting for a flight is pretty tedious , even with the distractions of books , magazines and iphones ( not to mention duty-free shopping ) .
but increasingly , some academics and child development experts are coming out in praise of boredom .
it &apos;s all right for us - and our children - to be bored on occasion , they say .
it forces the brain to go on interesting tangents , perhaps fostering creativity .
and because most of us are almost consistently plugged into one screen or another these days , we don &apos;t experience the benefits of boredom .
so should we embrace boredom ?
yes .
and no .
but i &apos;ll get back to that .
first of all , like many people , i assumed that boredom was a relatively recent phenomenon , with the advent of more leisure time .
not so , says peter toohey , a professor of greek and roman history at the university of calgary in canada and the author of &quot; boredom : a lively history &quot; ( yale university press , 2011 ) .
&quot; boredom actually has a very long history , &quot; he said .
there &apos;s latin graffiti about boredom on the walls of pompeii dating from the first century .
then there &apos;s the question of how we define boredom .
the trouble is that it has been defined , and discussed , in many different ways , said john d. eastwood , an associate professor of psychology at york university in ontario , canada .
after looking over the research literature and putting the idea in front of a focus group of about 100 people , professor eastwood and his colleagues defined boredom as an experience of &quot; wanting to , but being unable to engage in satisfying activity . &quot;
what separates boredom from apathy , he said , is that the person is not engaged but wants to be .
with apathy , he said , there is no urge to do something .
the core experience of boredom , he said , is &quot; disruption of the attention process , associated with a low mood and a sense that time is passing slowly . &quot;
boredom can sound an awful lot like depression .
but professor eastwood said that while they can be related , people who are bored tend to see the problem as the environment or the world , while people who are depressed see the problem as themselves .
sometimes we think we &apos;re bored when we just have difficulty concentrating .
in their study , &quot; the unengaged mind : defining boredom in terms of attention , &quot; which appeared in the journal perspectives on psychological science in september , professor eastwood and his colleagues pointed to an earlier experiment in which participants listened to a tape of a person reading a magazine article .
some groups heard a loud and unrelated television program in the next room , others heard it at a low level so it was barely noticeable , while the third group didn &apos;t hear the soundtrack at all .
the ones who heard the low-level tv reported more boredom than the other two groups - they had difficulty concentrating but were not sure why , and attributed that difficulty to boredom .
when you &apos;re trying to focus on a difficult or engaging task , disruption of attention can lead to boredom , said mark j. fenske , an associate professor of neuroscience at the university of guelph in ontario and one of the authors of the study .
on the other hand , when you &apos;re doing something dull , &quot; such as looking for bad widgets on a factory line , distracting music can help you not be bored . &quot;
in fact , he said , we now know that squirming and doodling , often seen as a sign of boredom , can actually help combat it by keeping people more physically alert .
&quot; research shows that kids who are allowed to fidget learn more and retain more information than those who are forced to sit still , &quot; professor fenske said .
we all experience boredom at some points - my flight delay , a droning speaker , a particularly tedious movie .
but some individuals are more likely to be bored than others .
to help measure this , researchers developed a &quot; boredom proneness scale &quot; in the 1980s .
the scale includes questions like , &quot; many things i have to do are repetitive and monotonous , &quot; and &quot; i have so many interests , i don &apos;t have time to do everything . &quot;
using such scales , researchers have discovered that boys tend to be bored more often than girls , said stephen vodanovich , a professor of psychology at the university of west florida , especially when it comes needing more , and a variety of , external stimulation .
but in general , teenagers are a pretty jaded lot .
in 1991 , reed larson , a professor of human and community development at the university of illinois , conducted an experiment in which he contacted almost 400 teenagers and their parents seven to eight times a day by beeper .
he found that 32 percent of adolescents said they were bored in school and doing homework , while 23 percent said they were bored when they weren &apos;t in school .
on the other hand , 3 percent of parents said they were bored .
professor larson said he did not know whether the boredom percentages now , 21 years later , would be higher or lower .
but he said he did know that &quot; adolescence is a peak period for boredom , &quot; largely because children and teenagers are not given a lot of control over what they want to do .
so back to my original question : is boredom good for you ?
sometimes no , because in its extreme it can lead people to take absurd physical risks , gamble or indulge in substance abuse as a way to ease it , research shows .
on the other hand , many philosophers and writers discuss the connection between boredom and creativity , said professor vodanovich , who has been studying the issue for more than two decades .
&quot; boredom is the brain &apos;s way to tell you you should be doing something else , &quot; said gary marcus , a professor of psychology at n.y.u.
but the brain doesn &apos;t always know the most appropriate thing to do .
if you &apos;re bored and use that energy to play guitar and cook , it will make you happy .
but if you watch tv , it may make you happy in the short term , but not in the long term .
so if your child is bored and you give him an ipad , he may not be bored anymore , but he hasn &apos;t learned how to entertain himself , or self regulate , professor fenske said .
and &quot; that self-regulation transfers from one situation to other , &quot; he said .
your kid doesn &apos;t just learn to entertain himself , but gets more self-control in other areas .
i don &apos;t think we really want to celebrate boredom .
nor should we be too critical of it .
rather , our goal should be to feel comfortable away from the constant chatter of activity and technology .
professor eastwood agreed .
&quot; we frame it as we need to be bored more , but boredom is an agonizing , restless desire to be connected with something meaningful , &quot; he said .
what people are really searching for , he said , is a way to unplug and enjoy down time .
&quot; in an environment where we are constantly overstimulated , &quot; he said , &quot; it &apos;s hard to find ways to engage when the noise shuts down . &quot;
in colorado , no playbook for new marijuana law
anthony orozco , 19 , a community college student and soccer player in southeastern colorado , is facing criminal charges for something that will soon be legal across this state : the possession of a few nuggets of marijuana and a pipe he used to smoke it .
mr. orozco said that one day in september he and a few friends were driving in lamar , on the plains near the kansas border , when they were pulled over .
after the police officer found marijuana in the car , mr. orozco was issued a summons for possession and drug paraphernalia - petty offenses that each carry a $ 100 fine - and given a court date .
&quot; we get treated like criminals , &quot; mr. orozco said .
but is he one ?
in the uncertain weeks after colorado &apos;s vote to legalize small amounts of marijuana for recreational use , the answer in hundreds of minor drug cases depends less on the law than on location .
hundreds of misdemeanor marijuana cases are already being dropped here and in washington state , which approved a similar measure .
police departments have stopped charging adults 21 years and older for small-scale possession that will be legally sanctioned once the laws take effect in the coming weeks .
but prosecutors in more conservative precincts in colorado have vowed to press ahead with existing marijuana cases and are still citing people for possession .
at the same time , several towns from the denver suburbs to the western mountains are voting to block new , state-licensed retail marijuana shops from opening in their communities .
&quot; this thing is evolving so quickly that i don &apos;t know what &apos;s going to happen next , &quot; said daniel j. oates , the police chief in aurora , just east of denver .
regulators in washington state are also scratching their heads .
and they are looking for guidance on how to set up a system of licenses for production , manufacturing , distribution and sales - all by a deadline of dec. 1 , 2013 .
they say that colorado , for better or worse , is ahead of most states in regulating marijuana , first for medical use and now recreationally .
&quot; colorado has a more regulated market , so they will be a good guide , &quot; said brian e. smith , a spokesman for the washington state liquor control board .
but no place or system , mr. smith conceded , can do more than suggest what might work .
&quot; there &apos;s no real precedent for us to follow , &quot; he said .
washington &apos;s law , called i-502 , takes effect on dec. 6 , which also leaves a year of limbo during which the state licensing system will not yet exist , but legalized possession will .
and there are thorny mechanical questions that must be resolved during that time , like how to balance the state &apos;s mandate of &quot; adequate access &quot; to licensed marijuana with its prohibitions on cannabis businesses within 1,000 feet of a school , park , playground or child care center .
&quot; nowhere will it be more difficult to site a licensed cannabis business than in urban areas , particularly in the seattle metropolitan area , &quot; said ben livingston , a spokesman for the center for legal cannabis , a recently formed research group .
on nov. 21 , chief oates in aurora sent his officers an e-mail announcing that the city attorney would no longer be prosecuting small marijuana violations for anyone 21 years or older , and that the police would stop charging people for those crimes &quot; effective immediately . &quot;
chief oates said that the police would enforce city codes regulating medical marijuana growers , and that they would still pursue drug traffickers and dealers .
in northern colorado &apos;s weld county , the district attorney , ken buck , represents a stricter view .
after the vote , he said his office would continue pursuing marijuana possession cases , mostly as a way to press users into getting treatment .
right now , 119 people face charges of possessing two ounces or less of marijuana , though many are facing other charges .
&quot; our office has an obligation to prosecute offenses that were crimes at the time they occurred , &quot; mr. buck said in a statement .
the response has been complicated even in places like rural mesa county , where voters rejected the marijuana initiative .
the police in grand junction , the county &apos;s largest city , are no longer citing adults for possession of small amounts .
the county &apos;s district attorney , pete hautzinger , supported that decision , but also decided not to dismiss all of the pending possession cases .
&quot; i do not think i &apos;m wasting my time continuing to enforce the law until it changes , &quot; he said .
although 55 percent of colorado voters supported the measure , bringing recreational marijuana into the folds of government and the legal system was never going to be simple .
and the contradictory reactions across the state lay bare a deep ambivalence among local officials about the state &apos;s big green experiment .
&quot; it &apos;s a cultural barrier &quot; with district attorneys , said sean mcallister , a denver lawyer who represents marijuana defendants and is a local spokesman for the national organization for the reform of marijuana laws .
&quot; they spent so much of their lives prosecuting people that they still don &apos;t really accept that this is legal , &quot; he said .
as the first states to treat small amounts of marijuana like alcohol , colorado and washington are poised to become national test cases for drug legalization .
as advocates and state officials plan for a new frontier of legalized sales , they are also anxiously awaiting direction from the federal government , which still plans to treat the sale and cultivation of marijuana as federal crimes .
advocates for legalized marijuana are hoping the justice department yields .
despite some high-profile arrests of medical marijuana patients and sellers , the federal government has mostly allowed medical marijuana businesses to operate in colorado , washington and 16 other states .
while drug agents will probably not beat down doors to seize a small bag of the drug , they are likely to balk at allowing the state-regulated recreational marijuana shops allowed under the new laws , said kevin a. sabet , a former drug policy adviser in the obama administration .
several cities in colorado are not waiting for federal authorities to act .
even before election day , some local governments approved moratoriums on any new marijuana shops , even though it will be about a year before any can open .
last week , the western city of montrose took up a six-month ban , and is likely to pass it next week .
&quot; we don &apos;t want to be put in a position where we license somebody and then have a big federal issue , &quot; said bob nicholson , a city council member .
our community voted against this amendment .
we &apos;re looking at what the community voted for versus what the state voted for .
there &apos;s an awful lot of questions .
petronella wyatt : i was bullied out of oxford for being a tory
it is not just today &apos;s university students who are attacked for their views
i can &apos;t remember a time when i didn &apos;t dream of winning a place at oxford university .
both my father and my elder brother had been at what i imagined was the world &apos;s greatest seat of learning , a modern-day wine-blushed greek symposium encouraging the dual pillars of civilisation , free thinking and tolerance .
yet , within two weeks of taking up my place at worcester college in the late eighties to read history , i &apos;d packed my bags , precipitating the first scandal of my life .
my father broke down and cried .
friends were baffled .
the evening standard diary claimed i &apos;d quit because i objected to fellow undergraduates having sex in the room next to mine .
the writer a n wilson announced waggishly that i &apos;d departed because i was forced to drink out of chipped mugs .
the truth was less droll .
i ran away .
yes , ran , because i had been subject to systematic bullying and intimidation .
not on account of my rather outré name , or the fact that i came from a private school .
i was persecuted for one reason only , and in this cradle of supposed enlightenment it was both bigoted and barbaric : my father , the late woodrow wyatt , was a high-profile adviser to margaret thatcher and i was a conservative supporter .
why bring this up now , you might ask .
well , recent reports suggest that a new generation of right-of-centre students are suffering a similar persecution .
such is the institutionalised and increasing hatred of tory students at oxford that last week a group of them demanded the same equal-rights protection as gays , disabled people and ethnic minorities .
conservative members of corpus christi college &apos;s junior common room ( jcr ) claim they are &quot; often actively isolated , personally attacked and made to feel unwelcome &quot; because of their political views .
they want to create a post on the college &apos;s equal opportunities committee to ensure that their opinions can be aired freely .
their situation wasn &apos;t helped by a recent bbc two documentary , wonderland : young , bright and on the right , about student politics , which portrayed tories as oddballs and neo-nazis .
it featured graduate joe cooke , former president of the oxford university conservative association ( ouca ) , travelling in a rolls-royce , sporting a silver suit and silver-topped cane .
at other universities , conservative students say they are being treated as &quot; scapegoats &quot; for the introduction of higher tuition fees . &quot;
luke black , 20 , vice-president of nottingham university conservative association , told a sunday newspaper that &quot; there is a growing left-wing bias at universities .
people assume we are like the bullingdon club without meeting us . &quot;
samuel roberts , 21 , a history student at corpus christi , who proposed the motion for greater protection , says such a climate is &quot; uncomfortable , &quot; while stephanie cherill , 19 , president elect of ouca , says there has been a deterioration in the attitude of jcr members towards people who are right of centre .
&quot; this poses a threat to the atmosphere of intellectual discussion , as well as to the welfare of members , &quot; she says .
i was in a minority of one during my first few weeks at oxford .
i had gone up in september 1986 , a cripplingly shy 18-year-old .
hatred of the conservative party was at its most febrile .
the year before , the university had voted to refuse margaret thatcher - a former student - an honorary degree , because of cuts in higher education funding .
the atmosphere would have made a stalinist shudder with apprehension .
during the first few days of freshers &quot; week , when new students socialise with each other and the dons , i had a taste of the wormwood that was to come .
i was to find that the dons not only connived in the taunting of tory undergraduates but took part with relish .
the politics of the miners &quot; strike , privatisation and the government &apos;s opposition to sanctions against apartheid south africa were brought into the wood-panelled rooms of the tutorial .
my first one involved translating 18th-century french texts into english , and i was unprepared for what followed .
&quot; miss wyatt , &quot; said the don , harry pitt ( now deceased ) , &quot; please translate the first paragraph . &quot;
i stumbled over it .
a small man with a face like cake batter , pitt was big on bile .
&quot; do thatcherites refuse to learn french or are they just stupid ? &quot; he demanded .
the other undergraduates giggled .
tears pricked the back of my eyes .
&quot; i suggest you take some basic french lessons in your spare time - that is , if you &apos;re not too busy socialising , &quot; pitt snarled .
i walked back to my rooms a disconsolate figure .
at dinner in college that evening i sat by myself ; then i felt a light tap on my shoulder .
it was a second-year english student named james who introduced himself as a member of the ouca .
&quot; i know who you are , &quot; he said kindly .
i &apos;m afraid it &apos;s like that .
anyone suspected of being a tory is picked on .
it &apos;s bad enough for me , but they know your father is close to margaret thatcher , so it will be worse for you .
most tory freshers pretend they &apos;re labour .
later , at a local pub , i cravenly attempted to dissimulate .
i insisted that i didn &apos;t agree with everything mrs thatcher said .
this ploy proved unsuccessful .
a first year ppe student , who , ironically , had been to eton , said : &quot; you &apos;re the daughter of a fascist pig . &quot;
you &apos;re contaminated .
other students took up the refrain .
i was perverted , dirty .
&quot; how do tories have sex ? &quot; one asked .
they beat each other , don &apos;t they ?
i felt the way homosexuals must have felt before the liberal legislation of the sixties .
would i ever be able to lead a normal life at oxford ?
would i be forced to meet like-minded people only after dark ?
would i have to turn to labour and suppress my natural inclinations ?
the three years before me stretched out as a purgatory of ostracism and isolation .
the only openly tory don was norman stone , professor of modern history , who was based at my college .
he was hated for being not only a conservative but a foreign policy adviser to thatcher and one of her speech writers .
he was hardly ever there .
he loathed the place as provincial and petty , and for its adherence to the marxist-determinist view of history .
in 1997 he took up a professorship at the university of bilkent , in ankara , turkey .
&quot; you won &apos;t be happy here , &quot; he told me .
i began commuting from oxford to my parents &quot; house in london , finding refuge with my more open-minded metropolitan friends and family .
i told my father i hated oxford and why .
he was incredulous .
during his time there in the forties , all political views had been accepted .
&quot; but it &apos;s the best place in the world , &quot; he said pathetically .
they wouldn &apos;t do that , not among my dreaming spires .
even my communist friends always had impeccable manners .
his rheumy eyes began to cloud .
give it a chance .
i &apos;m sure it &apos;s all just a tease .
it would break my heart if you left .
exhausted by my frequent trips to london , my emotional resistance was deteriorating .
a male friend of mine , also a tory supporter , had succumbed to pressure and renounced his creed .
during a tutorial the following week , when another history don had suggested , in complete seriousness , that i was an &quot; enemy of the people , &quot; i decided to do the same .
inwardly blushing with shame , i admitted to being &quot; brainwashed by my parents &quot; and called them &quot; old fools . &quot;
the respite was short .
it was my father who drove the nail into the coffin of my oxford career .
at the time , he wrote two columns in the murdoch press each week .
my door was locked .
i cowered inside , and after five minutes , my pursuers gave up .
when they left , i packed a suitcase and caught the first train to london .
i never went back .
you may call me a snivelling wimp .
but no 18-year-old should be subject to such intimidation and vitriol in an educational institution .
even more tragic is that it was oxford , which not only produced 14 tory prime ministers , but , to this day , hides behind an ill-deserved reputation for equality and freedom of thought .
&quot; valentino prefers elegance to notoriety &quot;
on the occasion of the &quot; valentino : master of couture , &quot; an exhibition that opened this week in london , abc speaks with naty abascal , fiona thyssen-bornemisza and other of the italian designer &apos;s famous clients .
somerset house , former home of queen elizabeth i of england , is the only place in the british capital worthy of hosting a valentino garavani exhibition .
during the inauguration of &quot; valentino : master of couture , &quot; the designer acknowledged a retrospective apotheosis that brings together over 130 couture gowns created by his fashion house over the past 50 years .
&quot; i love this palace &quot; he says , in his unmistakable italian accent .
this exhibition is the culmination of a story whose only protagonist is &quot; signore &quot; garavani , although it could not have been written without his distinguished clients .
valentino has always been fascinated by the rarefied and distant world of the nobility .
in the first room of the exhibition , open until march 3 , there are a number of private letters and photos signed by the cream of aristocracy , from princess salimah aga khan , lord snowdon , princess marie-chantal of greece to margaret of england .
valentino exhibits these personal memories as if they were trophies of his social ascent from humble couturier in voghera , northern italy , to idol of the international jet-set .
there is nothing wrong with loving royalty .
&quot; at least they don &apos;t drop cigarette ends on your magnificent carpet , like some beautiful pop music celebrities do , &quot; says baroness fiona thyssen-bornemisza .
in the &apos; 60s and &apos; 70s , we both lived in the alps and were good friends .
valentino is a spectacular host whose entertains with generosity and elegance .
&quot; we all loved being invited to his chalet in gstaad &quot; says &quot; heini &quot; thyssen &apos;s ex-wife , a close friend of forgotten beauties such as marella agnelli and eugenie niarchos .
valentino has always preferred elegance to notoriety .
and yet , he is a star .
valeria mazza , wearing a valentino .
the argentine model valeria mazza also recalls the couturier &apos;s charisma .
many years ago , after a fashion show in piazza di spagna in rome , we went for dinner at his flat .
there were twenty of us , including sharon stone and john kennedy jr .
you could see and feel his &quot; spirit &quot; in every detail of the flat and its decor , the food and the music .
&quot; all the guests were made to feel important and loved &quot; recalls the top model , who started working with him during haute couture week paris , in 1995 .
&quot; his designs are works of art and so never go out of fashion &quot; she concludes .
nobility parade
garavani &apos;s life is not a story of obsession , but of well reciprocated love .
he loves well-educated people who come from good backgrounds , and they love him .
one of the somerset house galleries has been transformed into a glamorous , sixty-foot long catwalk which offers a role reversal : visitors take the place of the models and have to parade down the catwalk while looking at a dream &quot; audience &quot; wearing valentino masterpieces , for example , the dress jackie kennedy chose for her wedding with aristotle onassis , the costume monica vitti wore in &quot; la notte &quot; and the wool and leather coat that belonged to empress farah diba .
in this crowd of mannequins , names stand out such as sibilla of luxembourg , gloria von thurn und taxis , mette-marit of norway , rosario of bulgaria and sofia of habsburg .
naty abascal and the designer , in 2006
many of these clients say your first valentino is like your first love , &quot; impossible to forget . &quot;
i remember it perfectly .
it was a pair of trousers , a shirt , a &quot; gilet &quot; waistcoat and jacket from the 1971-1972 autumn-winter collection .
&quot; it was a gift he gave me &quot; says naty abascal , one of the designer &apos;s muses .
&quot; i prefer him to other designers because of his femininity , his great love of women , and because he enhances our beauty &quot; added the former duchess of feria .
i love the colours he uses , they really stand out and &quot; lend themselves &quot; to your face .
their proportions are perfect .
the princess and fashion advisor patricia della giovampaola d &apos;arenberg also remembers the first time she wore a valentino .
as a teenager living in italy , i dreamed of reaching the age when i &apos;d have the chance to wear one of his evening gowns ...
my time finally came in the late &apos; 90s .
i bought my first valentino dress to wear at a party in the castle belonging to my cousin , prince edouard de ligne .
it was a red dress , with a frilly skirt , draped &quot; corsage &quot; and a strapless neckline .
&quot; it was a dream come true &quot; says princess d &apos;arenberg , the widow of rodrigo d &apos;arenberg .
&quot; valentino is indifferent to fashion , his obsession is timeless &quot; says this italian aristocrat who lives between paris , new york and buenos aires .
princess d &apos;arenberg looks after her couturier gowns with &quot; the utmost care ... because a dress not just a dress , it &apos;s also the many memories that go with it . &quot;
the &quot; king &quot; of fashion
the &quot; grand finale &quot; of the somerset house exhibition is marie-chantal miller &apos;s wedding dress from her marriage to paul of greece in 1995 .
it took four months &apos; work and 25 &quot; girls &quot; ( as the designer calls his seamstresses ) to create the pearl-encrusted , ivory-coloured silk gown with twelve different types of lace and a train four and a half metres long .
according to journalist suzy menkes , the leading authority of the specialist press , that dress represents a high fashion milestone of the late 20th century , &quot; the return of high society clients . &quot;
dazzled for years with the &quot; savoir-être &quot; of the elite , valentino is now its finest exponent .
cavaliere di gran croce ( the highest-ranking distinction in italy ) , cavaliere del lavoro , commandeur de l &apos;ordre des arts et des lettres , and awarded the legion of honour , garavani accumulates as many honours as any of his clients &apos; husbands .
&quot; i &apos;ve always been struck by his refined and calm manner , and his neat and perfect appearance &quot; acknowledges d &apos;arenberg .
the last time i saw him was a month ago at a gala dinner at the orsay museum .
he was on the table of countess jacqueline de ribes , a great friend of mine .
&quot; he was immaculate , time stands still for him . &quot;
if a princess says that ...
the hardest job in the world : the human mules of kawah ijen
for four euros , the indonesian volcano porters risk life and limb carrying 70 kilos of sulphur along steep stone paths .
there are people for whom work is hell , and others who - literally - work in hell .
this is the case of anto wijaya , one of the 400 miners who make their living taking sulphur from the kawah ijen volcano , east of the indonesian island of java .
to do so , he has to descend every day to the bottom of the crater , where the sulphurous gas emanating from the bowels of the earth solidifies on contact with air .
after breaking off large sulphur rocks , which in total can weigh up to 70 kilos , he carries them in two bamboo baskets on his shoulders along the steep stone paths .
it is only 250 metres to the top of the volcano , which rises to 2,386 metres above sea level , but the exhausted porters take over 40 minutes to get there , at snail &apos;s pace , keeping their balance and measuring their steps carefully to avoid slipping and falling over the precipice .
they know that one slip could cost them their lives , as happened to a french tourist who plunged to her death a few years ago on the hazardous kawah ijen cliffs .
the kawah ijen miners are paid 5 euro cents for each kilo of sulphur removed .
once at the top , they make their way past the tourists who photograph them like circus monkeys and then , lugging their heavy baskets , they walk three kilometres to the scales installed by a mining company a little further down , 1,850 metres above sea level .
this is pt ngrimbi candi , a company which , since 1960 , has been exploiting the volcano , and quite literally its workers , whom it pays 662 rupees ( 5 euro cents ) per kilo of sulphur .
it then sells the sulphur for 10,000 rupees ( 83 cents ) to the petrochemical industry , as the mineral is widely used in everyday life and is used in the manufacture of matches , fireworks , cosmetics , dynamite and even for whitening sugar .
&quot; we generally carry 70 kilos , so we get about 46,000 rupees ( 3.8 euros ) a trip &quot; explains anto , who usually make three trips a day .
each one takes three hours and you end up exhausted , but it means he gets 138,000 rupees ( 11.5 euros ) at the end of the day .
although it seems a pittance for such an inhuman effort , it is three times what he would earn in the field .
&quot; miners &apos; wages are very high here , whereas coffee harvesting is paid 15,000 rupees ( 1.2 euros ) a day and the average monthly wage is two million rupees ( 167 euros ) &quot; explains the porter , who previously worked as a mason in the island resort of bali .
there , his wage was 75,000 rupees ( 6.2 euros ) a day and the work was not as hard , but anto has returned with his family to banyuwangi , a village near the volcano , for a compelling reason which , in indonesia , is as overriding as the sulphur : &quot; i married a girl from bali , where they are hindu , and i &apos;ve brought her to java to convert to islam . &quot;
anto has asthma , he has difficulty breathing , coughs constantly and his eyes are irritated by the toxic gases .
at 27 years old , anto has been risking his life for three years in the kawah ijen volcano , and the sulphur has already begun to take its toll on him , even though he covers his face with special mask and goggles .
he has asthma , he has difficulty breathing , coughs constantly and his eyes are irritated by the toxic gases from the volcano .
this is the price you have to pay to realise your dreams .
&quot; i &apos;ll go on working two more years because i want to open a shop or study spanish or french &quot; he vows in more than acceptable english .
punished for life , this pleasant , intelligent young man could be a tour guide , waiter or hotel receptionist , but instead he does the work of a mule .
sharing a filthy wooden hut with other porters , he gets up every day at two in the morning because the sulphur doesn &apos;t stop flowing at night , when its characteristic yellow colour turns blue and it glows in the dark .
defying the shadows , anto descends the crater and lights the path with a small torch attached to the helmet he bought with his money .
some 400 porters carry sulphur baskets on their shoulders from the crater .
despite their huge profits , the mining company has not mechanised the sulphur extraction process to save costs , nor has it provided any equipment for the porters , who work for themselves and by the kilo .
in fact , they do not even see any of the 30,000 rupee ( 2.5 euro ) per camera surcharge that , on top of the 15,000 rupee ( 1.2 euro ) entrance fee , the guards of this natural reserve charge to tourists who come to photograph the volcano and their human mules .
&quot; this work is for animals , not people &quot; protests madrusin , a burly 42-year porter who has been working at kawah ijen for three decades , since leaving school .
he can lift up to 110 kilos , ensuring that he will go on working &quot; all he can &quot; because he needs the money to educate his three children , aged between 18 &#91; months ? &#93; and 10 years old .
i won &apos;t retire , i &apos;ll die here because the volcano has been my whole life .
although the sulphur burns your throat and stings your eyes when the wind suddenly changes and traps the miners in the thick columns of smoke coming out of the volcano , they are so hardy that no-one complains of serious illnesses ... apart , of course , from their common respiratory problems , osteoarthritis , knee pain and sores on the shoulders , which have been misshapen by the weight of the baskets .
balancing the basket on his back , unainik can only carry 50 kilos now he is 53 years old .
every day , he and his fellow workers break off 15 tonnes of sulphur from the volcano , which three lorries move to the warehouse in tamansari , 18 kilometres away along a goat path that passes through scrubland .
&quot; i won &apos;t retire , i &apos;ll die here because the volcano has been my whole life &quot; says unainik , opening a mouth full of gaps where teeth use to be .
the oldest of his five children , 30 years old , also works carrying sulphur .
time passes , but poverty perpetuates from generation to generation in one of the hardest jobs in the world : the one done by human mules in the kawah ijen volcano .
singapore seeks babies to save its economy
singaporeans blame their careers , stress and the cost of property and education for not having children .
&quot; singapore &apos;s population needs to grow . &quot;
i &apos;m a patriotic husband , you &apos;re my patriotic wife , let &apos;s do our civic duty and create life !
it may seem unlikely that these verses are part of an advert for mint sweets , but in spite of this - or perhaps because of it - the video went viral on youtube in singapore earlier this year .
the phrases are part of a rap and make use of local references such as &quot; let &apos;s put a bao ( bun ) in the oven &quot; to make fun of the birth rate in singapore .
the advertising company that made the video , bbh , is hopeful that the advertisement will manage to focus attention to the problem in a fun way .
its creative director , douglas hamilton , says he wanted to use the power of music to make people perform their &quot; national duty . &quot;
it &apos;s purely an internet thing , so we had to make it fun and amusing .
it &apos;s the biggest problem facing this country .
we are the world &apos;s worst at reproducing our own progeny , so we felt it was an issue we had to address .
we knew the government had tried many things , like launching perfumes with pheromones or organising speed dating evenings .
many of these ideas may have been creative , but they didn &apos;t necessarily work .
so we thought : why not be as creative as possible to solve the problem , by composing a rap ?
1.2 children
but the singapore government is not taking it so lightly .
it spends usd 1,300 per year on policies to encourage people to have more children .
a government package for marriages and parents grants up to usd 15,000 per child , extends maternity leave and distributes tax benefits .
but this has all had little effect .
singapore is a rich , high technology city state in southeast asia , also known for the conservatism of its leaders and its strict social controls .
the birth rate in singapore , according to its national population division , currently stands at 1.2 children per woman .
the last time it was over 2 , known as the replacement rate , was in 1976 .
so why are singaporeans not having children ?
tan wei ming , director of marriage and family policy of the national population division , said that it is a result of &quot; better education &quot; and &quot; a wider range of career opportunities . &quot;
&quot; this has given people a wider range of options in terms of life goals and priorities , beyond getting married and starting a family &quot; he explains .
these changes in social norms have contributed to increasing numbers of people who are single , and delaying marriage and births , which has resulted in a decrease in the birth rate in singapore .
meanwhile , an eu immigration policy aimed at dramatically increasing immigration to cope with the population decline has created resentment among the local population .
in singapore , there are websites where xenophobia against many new immigrants is widespread and thinly disguised , especially the chinese who are criticised for keeping wages low and not integrating .
increased immigration is also seen as one of the reasons why , last year , the singapore ruling party experienced its worst election result since independence .
since the election there has been an attempt to correct the problem , with the highest taxes and levies for foreign workers .
unexpected consequences
while a fall in the birth rate has known effects on a nation &apos;s economic growth , tax revenues , healthcare costs and immigration policies , in singapore &apos;s case there are also some unexpected consequences .
the government is trying not to build so many small houses .
for example , it has started to influence the real estate sector .
its urban development authority has started to control the number of small apartments , known as &quot; shoe boxes , &quot; which can be built in certain areas of the city .
these apartments have a surface of 46 square metres and have been very successful in terms of sales .
however , there is concern that they may promote a single-living lifestyle and discourage developers who want to build large family houses .
but , lim yew soon , managing director of the real estate company el developers , says his &quot; shoe boxes &quot; sell much faster than larger units .
they are more popular , in the sense that the units sell days , even weeks , faster than larger units .
this means they are much better for our cash flow .
however , he admits that the new regulations give clearer guidance to developers , who previously had obstacles put in their way if they provided for too many small units in a project .
too stressed
singapore is a city state .
although these new rules may be a step towards increasing the national birth rate , when talking to singaporeans working in the central financial district , it seems they will not have much impact .
&quot; people are very stressed , houses are expensive and so is education , so a lot of people are putting off having a family &quot; says a young executive .
other people can have children .
&quot; but , for me , it is important to have my own money and time &quot; says another young man of around 20 years old .
men and women alike mention their careers , stress and the cost of property and education as the reasons preventing them from having children .
so , much as the government is trying to encourage its citizens to have children , when it comes to babies , the singaporeans have the last word .
what is private offline is private online
privacy .
according to the spanish royal academy dictionary , it means the quality of private life or &quot; the level of privacy which a person is entitled to protect from any interference . &quot;
what is privacy for an under 16 ?
how do you apply this definition to their daily life and social networks ?
do they understand the dangers they are exposed to by airing information over the internet which they probably would not share offline ?
elperiódico interviewed five children aged between ten and 15 years old who are frequent internet users .
in four cases , they associated the term with &quot; something very much mine &quot; on a personal level , and &quot; in the user name and password &quot; when applied to social networks .
&quot; i wouldn &apos;t upload my deepest secrets in a post &quot; says jorge , aged ten , when trying to explain the meaning of privacy on sites such as facebook , twitter , hotmail and windows live messenger , with which he has had accounts for two years .
&quot; they are very secret secrets , i &apos;ll tell my mother , but not everybody &quot; he says .
on fb i upload nice pictures or games .
and i have fun with people i know .
&quot; i wouldn &apos;t share a photo that isn &apos;t mine , or that belongs to somebody who &apos;s doing something stupid &quot; he says .
the child recognises that it is bad to post obscene pictures of naked people , crimes , or write humiliating or aggressive comments .
jorge says he knows the 35 friends he has on fb and his nine followers on twitter .
most are relatives .
his mother is included , and she has the password to one of the accounts .
i opened twitter to express myself and post interesting tweets .
&quot; i don &apos;t know if they answer me , i only upload them &quot; he adds .
&quot; social networking is fun , i can talk quickly to relatives far away or my friends &quot; he says .
he does not hesitate to reply that he would never accept a request from an unknown person .
nor would he take any notice of someone who recommends a stranger to him .
the case of joseph , aged 14 , is different .
this teenager has accounts with hotmail , facebook , my space and ask , and in the last case he admits not knowing 20 of the people added to his friends list .
&quot; it doesn &apos;t bother me , because we have something in common , like music &quot; he says .
the boy says that no-one has suggested anything to him or asked him for his home address or phone number .
&quot; if they pressured me or asked me for it , i &apos;d just delete them from my account &quot; he states .
joseph became a follower on ask , after reading a recommendation on twitter .
this teenager is not alien to experiences of what is now known as cyberbullying .
an acquaintance of a friend of mine was being pestered on a social network .
they were threatening him and demanding money from him .
&quot; i never found out who it was &quot; he says .
the victim , according to josé , did not close his account .
&quot; he just made it private . &quot;
he then explains a series of steps to configure the account safely .
unlike jorge , this boy would upload photos of acquaintances in uncomfortable or embarrassing situations .
i would do it if i didn &apos;t like somebody , or they made me want to do it .
&quot; however , i know that &apos;s cyberbullying &quot; he admits .
key questions
marielos porras , an english teacher with a degree in education and learning , believes that to guide children and teenagers , they should understand that the purpose of social media is to inform .
&quot; the internet emerged as a means of searching for information , but with the appearance of these websites , the rules of the game changed &quot; he says .
porras says the scholar marc prensky , with a master &apos;s degree in education from yale university and author of the work digital natives , digital immigrants , coined these terms to explain the phenomenon .
digital natives are those children and young people born with technology .
&quot; we are the digital immigrants who have to teach them , when we are still in fact learning &quot; he says .
he says that the issue is complex , &quot; because we are asking them to have a clear policy on what is appropriate or not to disclose , publish or divulge , at an age at which maturity is not conducive to this . &quot;
&quot; they also have to be selective when what matters most is to be popular and have thousands of friends , without thinking of the consequences &quot; he adds .
according to the specialist , the most effective way to teach children and teenagers what privacy is , is through questions that make them think .
&quot; telling them not to do it is no good &quot; he adds .
porras then lists some options : there are things you wouldn &apos;t tell a stranger , so why do it online ?
or , would you like a friend to publish a photo of you like the one you posted of a friend ?
do you know what others publish about you ?
when tagging party photos , did you ask the other people &apos;s permission to tag them ?
and one more question : does everyone need to know what you &apos;re doing all the time ?
another point is to make them see that they must behave online as they do offline .
the rules are the same .
&quot; outside the internet , people act with respect , morality and other principles , so they should act the same way on social networks &quot; he says .
monitoring
stuart guard , a university professor , primary school teacher and educational consultant , says it is essential for parents to read social networks &apos; policies thoroughly .
by understanding all the clauses , they have solid grounds to talk to their children about the implications of opening an online account .
&quot; for example , the age at which you are allowed to share or publish &quot; he says .
according to guardia , it is important to remind children the &quot; don &apos;t talk to strangers &quot; lesson .
unasur summit closes without making public the lima declaration
the sixth presidential summit of the south american union of nations ( unasur ) concluded today in peru without making public the lima declaration , previously announced and theoretically signed by the seven attendee leaders .
efe repeatedly tried to gain access to the document signed at the sixth unasur meeting of heads of state and government , but presidential and chancellery sources initially said they would deliver it after the summit closed , but later they claimed that it will be published at some point on the peruvian government website .
when asked about the text , they pointed out that the content had been disclosed by peruvian president , ollanta humala , during a brief statement to the press .
journalists &apos; access to information from the summit was restricted at all times .
during the summit , in the press room , only video was aired , with no sound , showing the presidential meeting with the message &quot; closed session , audio restricted . &quot;
the little information that circulated among reporters was given by the press spokesmen of some of the unasur governments attending the meeting , but not the peruvian government .
the only document released during the summit was the list of attending presidents , which angered hundreds of journalists from various national and international media , who asked for more details .
the peruvian president then sent an email to the media with the &quot; final statement &quot; of the summit , but this was humala &apos;s statement , and not the official document that closed the summit .
last october , peru hosted the third summit of south american-arab countries ( aspa ) , and this time , despite repeated requests from the press , the previously announced lima declaration was again not made public .
the aspa official website confirms that the document was published last tuesday .
at both international events , the peruvian authorities were at pains to ensure that there were broadcasting systems assured for all the journalists , but limited the obtaining of information to a maximum .
the summit also concluded with the joint commitment of chile and peru to accept a ruling by the hague court to adjudicate a border dispute between the two countries .
the presidents of peru , ollanta humala , and chile , sebastián piñera , met during the regional event and confirmed that they will respect the decision of the international court of justice ( icj ) , which on monday , at the hague , will start to hear the arguments of both parties , in the lawsuit lima has filed against santiago .
&quot; we will obey and execute the order that currently defines the differences we are bringing before this international court &quot; said humala , together with his chilean counterpart .
&quot; chile has been , is and will remain a country that respects international law and the peaceful resolution of disputes , treaties and international courts &quot; added piñera , greeting humala with a handshake , alongside the flags of the two countries .
confirmation of both presidents that they would submit to the icj came after colombia this week denounced the bogotá pact , whereby it accepted to submit to the judgement of this international court , following a decision on its maritime boundary with nicaragua which it regarded as seriously flawed .
the summit was held with the absence of the presidents of brazil , dilma rousseff ; venezuela , hugo chavez ; bolivia , evo morales ; and argentina , cristina kirchner .
paraguay , which was suspended by unasur in 2011 after the dismissal of former president fernando lugo , was not involved in the meeting .
host president ollanta humala was responsible for opening the session in the morning and closing the summit , just after noon in lima .
the president read the final document which reported that 16 agreements were adopted and the action plans laid down for 31 projects between the south american countries , for a total of 17 billion dollars of investments .
among the resolutions adopted , it was mentioned that unasur countries will take &quot; important steps toward the goal of a south american citizenship , for which residence agreements are being extended . &quot;
he reported that actions are being implemented to improve &quot; cooperation in the fight against insecurity and transnational organised crime , actions to make medication more accessible , low-cost internet access in all areas of south america , and to deal jointly and efficiently with risks of natural disasters . &quot;
with europe in crisis , &quot; economic consolidation ( in latin america ) should not have a triumphalist attitude but should serve to expand its productive matrix and glimpse a better future for its people &quot; humala added .
&quot; we decided to focus on a group of 31 flagship projects that will improve connection among areas of south america , especially in rural and border areas ... uniting our countries and creating new economic networks &quot; said the peruvian president in a message read out .
among these projects , he mentioned that five are in peru and are located in the transverse axes of its territory , between the coast and brazil , and two focus on increased connection with ecuador , although he gave no further details .
also , the final document mentioned the political situation in paraguay .
&quot; we hope the electoral process in that country serves to reincorporate it in the union of south american nations , &quot; from which it is currently excluded .
the need for latin america to remain a prosperous , peaceful and integrated nation , with good neighbourly relations , was another issue highlighted by the summit .
in this sense , the president of colombia , juan manuel santos , said before attending the start of the regional event that he expected to meet with his counterpart from nicaragua , daniel ortega , on saturday in mexico , to respectfully discuss the maritime dispute after the failure of the icj , questioned by bogota .
&quot; the day after tomorrow ( saturday ) i might have a meeting with president daniel ortega &quot; santos said .
&quot; we will review all these paths , &#91; which &#93; are not exclusive , and the treaty with nicaragua will require a conversation with nicaragua &quot; he emphasised .
&quot; with president ortega , i hope i can say that we handle this in the most civilised and respectful manner possible &quot; said santos .
santos and ortega are due to meet on saturday in mexico , where they expect to attend the inauguration of the country &apos;s new president , enrique peña nieto .
also , as part of the summit , the bloc &apos;s foreign defence ministers met in advance to approve the 2013 action plan , which seeks to strengthen dialogue and consensus on defence in the region .
argentina , bolivia , colombia , ecuador , peru , brazil , uruguay , venezuela , chile , guyana , surinam and paraguay make up unasur , although the latter is currently suspended .
peru has the pro tempore presidency of the regional bloc .
&quot; south america should learn from europe to integrate citizenship &quot; says rafael correa
the president of ecuador , rafael correa , said today that the creation of a common citizenship is a goal that &quot; south america , in this case , must learn from europe . &quot;
correa , who took part in the eleventh presidential summit of the union of south american nations ( unasur ) held in lima , told peru &apos;s state television that europeans &quot; killed one another in the second world war &quot; and other conflicts , &quot; but are now practically one country . &quot;
to this end , he defended the project to establish south american citizenship encouraged by member countries of unasur .
&quot; we have to achieve the free movement of citizens and workers for any south american country , as is already the situation with members of the andean community . however , there are still reactionary sectors that want us to return to the past &quot; he said .
the ecuadorian president was also in favour of the restructuring of the organisation of american states ( oas ) under the premise of reducing the influence of the anglo-saxon states and taking into account those who have signed the pact of san josé on human rights .
those who speak with authority never commit to anything , whereas we south americans sign everything .
&quot; it is incomprehensible that the inter-american commission on human rights is in washington under us funding &quot; he said referring to ecuador giving political asylum to wikileaks founder julian assange .
correa said he does not regret that decision because with it he has not betrayed his principles , but has respected his &quot; deep democratic and human rights values . &quot;
he added that , at the time , &quot; he had reasonable suspicion that assange would be extradited to another country and that his case would not be respected . &quot;
additionally , he criticised the swedish courts for demanding that he be subject to questioning for an alleged sexual offence in his country , when &quot; swedish legislation itself dictates that he can be questioned via videoconference , which could be done from the ecuadorian embassy in london . &quot;
correa said that there is a risk of deterioration of assange &apos;s physical and mental health .
&quot; i have not spoken to him since he was at our embassy , but the ambassador informed me that he had a minor lung problem , nothing serious &quot; said the ecuadorian president .
what there is , is the danger that his physical and mental health may deteriorate due to being locked in a small space without any outdoor exercise .
&quot; that would complicate the health of any person &quot; he added .
correa said that the solution to the asylum granted to assange in june by the ecuadorian embassy , in london , through the issue of a safe-conduct pass that permits travel to ecuador , is in the hands of great britain , sweden and the european legal authorities , and stressed that there have been talks with london to seek a solution to the imprisonment of the wikileaks founder .
we do not negotiate with human rights , we do not use that word in this case , but there have been ongoing discussions .
&quot; the solution to this problem is in the hands of great britain , sweden and the european legal authorities , because assange &apos;s lawyer , baltazar garzon , is handling a series of cases in different european courts &quot; he said .
and he felt that &quot; if britain says no to the safe-conduct pass , it &apos;s over . &quot;
and if sweden , as its legislation perfectly well allows it to do , and as it has done in other cases , questions mr assange at the embassy of ecuador in london , or interrogates him via skype tomorrow , this problem is over .
correa took the opportunity to reassert himself as a defender of freedom of the press and stated that what he does not tolerate is &quot; the mediocrity , dishonesty and lies that undermine the freedom of expression . &quot;
&quot; the greatest enemies of the press freedom are not evil and wicked politicians , but bad journalists depending on profit , blackmail and extortion &quot; he said .
in that regard , he welcomed the fact that it was no longer these journalists , &quot; or the bankers or bourgeois and hegemonic countries that dominate ecuador &quot; and said that , if re-elected , he will &quot; step up the revolution to continue on the same path and in the right direction . &quot;
correa also supported the decision to maintain the veto on paraguay in unasur , at least until their next elections , arguing that the body &quot; must be firm and not tolerate opportunism and a coup masked with legality &quot; because this will in fact &quot; destroy the legitimacy of paraguayan democracy . &quot;
the ecuadorian president also considered the &quot; perfectly pertinent &quot; desire of his colombian counterpart , juan manuel santos , to now negotiate with nicaragua the maritime boundary between the two countries , after the ruling of the international court of justice in the hague , in favour nicaraguan maritime sovereignty .
for now that ruling is not being followed .
it is a problem between a south american country and a central american one .
conflict is inevitable , but must be overcome by the desire to walk together .
they need to be processed in a comprehensive manner to overcome them and move forward .
additionally , he trusted in a sound conclusion to the maritime boundary dispute opposing peru and chile in the same court and said that &quot; it is right for latin america to refer to international courts if both countries agree to accept losing , however hard it may be . &quot;
with reference to the possibility of his standing as a candidate in the upcoming presidential elections in ecuador seeking a third consecutive term , he said he sees that possibility &quot; with much optimism and joy , although at times it is pretty hard . &quot;
correa said that if he loses the elections in february 2013 , he will retire from public life .
personally , i &apos;ve never been interested in power , but in situations as unjust as those in ecuador , socio-economic poverty can only be corrected by political power .
&quot; my political movement believed that it was me who ensured that probable victory , so we have to accept that responsibility &quot; he said .
if i won , it would be my last period in office and then i would leave public life .
if i lose , likewise .
&quot; it &apos;s a decision &quot; he confirmed .
correa also referred to venezuelan president hugo chavez &apos;s new health treatment in cuba .
i just spoke with venezuelan vice president nicolás maduro and he tells me that chavez went for treatment that was already planned , routine treatment , and it was expected he would win the campaign and return to cuba .
&quot; this does not mean a health relapse for president chavez &quot; he said .
in lima today , the ecuadorian head of state attended the sixth summit of heads of state and government of the union of south american nations ( unasur ) , which concluded with calls for greater regional integration to sustain progress , equality and security .
deaths caused by aids are nowadays due to late detection
fabrizio was 21 years old when they confirmed his test result : hiv positive .
&quot; it was like a bomb dropped on me &quot; he says , recalling the time of the announcement , which the doctor was trying to make &quot; softer , &quot; apparently unsuccessfully .
the boy hid it from his family .
he decided to care for his illness alone and began to learn about it ; thanks to his efforts he has just celebrated his 43rd birthday .
he is undoubtedly one of the oldest patients in the hiv unit of the guadalajara civil hospital ( chg ) , where he arrived in 1994 after several battles with his health .
fabrizio has lived with the human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) for 22 years , hard to imagine in the early &apos; 90s , when there were many questions , few treatment options and a great deal of stigma .
then , even the director of an imss &#91; mexican social security institute &#93; clinic refused to discharge him &quot; because he had a cut . &quot;
at that time , having aids was synonymous with death .
now it is possible to survive the syndrome and do so with quality of life .
however , many people are still unaware of their illness , and only seek help when the virus has already caused havoc , &quot; exhausted &quot; their immune systems and they are suffering from opportunistic infections .
31 years after of the onset of aids around the world , at least since the first reported cases , &quot; the great achievement at this time is that the life expectancy of patients starting treatment in good time and the life expectancy of the general population is exactly equal &quot; stated the head of the chg hiv unit , jaime andrade villanueva , saying that this information was endorsed in april this year in a prestigious scientific journal .
infectious disease specialist and expert in hiv / aids , andrade villanueva said that since 2008 scientists had concluded that aids was not a death sentence , but that life expectancy and quality of life depend on the degree of damage to the immune system that patients present when they are diagnosed , with a higher life expectancy for non-drug users : up to 30 years for patients with a 200 cd4 count and 50 years for those reporting a 500 cd4 count .
in simple terms , this means that anyone diagnosed hiv positive at 25 years old , under these terms and &quot; as long as they keep it under control , can live with no problems to 75 &quot; said the interviewee .
to gauge this progress , it should be remembered that the average life expectancy of mexicans today is 76 years .
although mortality has dropped significantly in recent years and , in the case of mexico , the number of people dying of aids has fallen from 6,678 in 2007 to 4,862 in 2011 ( unaids annual report ) , it is also true that since the advent of aids , 60 per cent of patients in the national database have died .
in jalisco alone , only 255 people died in 2011 , and there have been 187 deaths up to may of this year ; however , we are assured that there has been universal access to antiretroviral drugs since 2005 .
- why are do still deaths occur ?
- i think the problem is not to do with access to treatment .
that &apos;s how i view it , and that &apos;s how it &apos;s been at our hospital .
for at least the last 12 years we &apos;ve had no shortage of medicine , the problem is that patients arrive in an advanced state of illness because they are unaware of their hiv status , that is to say , the later stages of the disease .
he gave a compelling statistic : &quot; nine out of ten patients arrive when they already have an opportunistic infection , so what needs to be done to have a greater impact on overall mortality is to make earlier diagnoses and , therefore , offer mass detection tests for everyone who needs them . &quot;
specialists and officials of the state council of aids prevention in jalisco ( coesida ) agree on this proposal , as do the patients themselves , such as fabrizio , who came to be tested at a private laboratory , motivated only because a friend had done so and , despite his young age , he was around in the aids era and had even suffered kaposi sarcoma , a cancerous tumour that is one of the common complications .
everything changes when you know you have aids .
some people think they &apos;re going to die and don &apos;t want to know anything .
&quot; if i &apos;m going to die , i &apos;d rather have a blow-out three times a week &quot; they say , but not in my case .
the change was for the better ; i eat well , i exercise , i take my drugs .
to date , his parents are only aware he had cancer .
i live as normal a life as anyone else .
&quot; i work , i take part in a lot of activities , i travel , i have an active but responsible sex life , i take care of myself and the other person &quot; said fabrizio , who agreed to share his intimate secrets with milenio jalisco , to motivate those people with his story who today , in the context of world aids day , are afraid .
they should get tested if they are at risk. because the sooner they know if they are hiv positive , the better , and if they have already been diagnosed , they must learn to live like any other person , while being responsible .
this is his message , which summarises the theme of the fight against aids in 2012 .
condoms behind the counter .
the gaps between health programmes and ordinary citizens are huge , said ricardo salazar , a journalist from guadalajara who has taken up the hiv cause .
and the greatest cure is prevention .
in places dedicated to this task &quot; the distribution of condoms has actually increased ; previously , they used to give us one or two , now they give us packets of a hundred , and that &apos;s fine , but it turns out there are still people out there who have no access condoms &quot; he said .
among the most vulnerable to new infections are teenagers .
&quot; why do you want them ? &quot; is a common question , asked with sarcasm and judged according to the values of social workers , counsellors , pharmacy workers and healthcare staff who do not want to expose teenagers to sex , said the speaker .
it was decided to change such inefficient allocation , and that condoms should not only be placed behind counters , but that packets of one hundred should be found in public toilet dispensers in places frequented by young people .
this is not promoting promiscuity .
it is not about paying for their beers or motel fees , as governor emilio gonzalez said , when asked if there would be distribution of condoms during his administration .
&quot; and it &apos;s not about sexuality , but it is best to provide condoms to those already practising sexual activity &quot; he said .
jalisco key points
there are 13,435 cumulative cases ( 12,158 aids and 1,317 hiv ) .
the state is 4th in the nation in new and cumulative cases of aids and 13th in hiv .
92 % of new infections are through sex , 6 % via the bloodstream and 2 % perinatal .
an estimated 50,000 people may be living with hiv , as for each registered case there are around 4-5 people who do not know they are positive .
ratified by a united states court of appeal , a judgement which ignores the restructuring of the vitro group &apos;s debt achieved via a bankruptcy in mexico , the scenario is an ominous precedent for any national company with offices in the neighbouring country that has solvency problems .
it seems , then , that the proceedings in support of survival of firms permit mexican law are not valid in the land of stars and stripes , contrary to international conventions .
in practical terms , the endorsement of the judgement delivered on 15 june by judge harlin hale of the bankruptcy court of the northern district of texas , leaves mexican firms defenceless against possible seizure of their property outside of mexico .
however , the decision opens the door for the leading glass manufacturer in mexico to appeal to the supreme court of the united states , claiming three inconsistencies .
from the start , while the trial judge notes that creditors should be governed by the united states bankruptcy code , the court of appeal for the fifth circuit , based in new orleans , states that the main action is the insolvency action handled in mexico .
the first point would involve ignoring international procedural cooperation in cases of insolvency of companies with transnational profiles .
indeed , the un model law for international trade law uniformity was created for this purpose , with the american law institute positioned as arbitrator .
secondly , the judgement establishes that without the intercompany vote , with the debts the vitro subsidiaries had with their parent company recognised in the critical mass of the insolvency , the majority needed to approve the restructuring might not be achieved .
however , mexican law recognises the possibility .
in fact , the vitro case was not the first one in which the scheme was accepted .
there are half a dozen examples , including agremex and commercial mexicana , whose intercompany debts were endorsed by the federal bankruptcy institute .
what is also certain is that , not including the votes of subsidiaries , the vitro creditors who fought against it in the us courts , namely &quot; vulture &quot; funds such as aurelios capital , aurelios convergence , elliot international and liverpool limited , did not achieve a majority .
the vote was apparently 45 percent versus 37 .
this data is omitted by the court of appeal .
from another perspective , the latter blames vitro for the difficult situation it has faced since 2008 , while trying to avoid the severe economic crisis faced by the united states , turning its back on the country .
for now , the gonzalez sada family firm has lodged a motion for reconsideration before the court of appeal for the vote to reach the plenary of the court , that is , the five judges , given that only three voted previously .
should this fail , an appeal for review by a higher court , in this case the us supreme court , will be filed .
the real problem is that the court bypassed a document sent by the government of mexico in the capacity of amicus curiae ( &quot; friend of the court &quot; ) , which details the procedure followed by vitro under the framework of the commercial insolvency law , noting that the latter discharged itself with adherence to the agreements signed by the two countries to link it with chapter 15 of the bankruptcy act of the united states .
moreover , it should be noted that the country yielded to the principles of the united nations commission on international trade , that is the rules set for cross-border insolvency cases , ensuring fairness for debtors and creditors .
double whammy : vitro hit and country hit .
balance sheet
with the complaints put on the table by the unions of mexicana airlines against the former owner of the company , gastón azcárraga andrade , who is accused of mismanagement , dormant for several months , the airline pilots union association already found the bottleneck .
the proceedings headed by carlos diaz chavez morineau has just filed a criminal complaint against the national banking and securities commission , which is accused of obstructing justice .
the claim is that the supervisory authority has consistently refused to provide reports to the attorney general &apos;s office on a transaction carried out by the employer to remove 198 million pesos from trust f / 589 of banco ixe , on behalf of mexicana de aviación .
the resources were apparently channelled towards the purchase of shares in the company administradora profesional de hoteles .
as you know , azcarraga andrade is the main shareholder of the posadas hotel chain .
opposing dragon mart
a group of local and foreign environmentalists , academics , businessmen and members of the public gathered at the weekend at a forum at the university of the caribbean to approve the creation of a broad front to oppose the opening of the chinese dragon mart in cancun .
as you know , we are talking about a huge sales and distribution centre in mexico , central america and the caribbean , selling chinese products , with a residential area at the bottom for employees of 150 companies .
previously , canacintra had managed to unite the governors of the southeast of mexico to oppose the monumental building that destroyed part of a protected area and represents the mother of all threats to industry .
the death of acta
the government ignored an order of the senate to explain under what terms and conditions the mexican ambassador in japan signed the anti-counterfeiting trade agreement , known by its acronym acta , according to the mexican institute of industrial property , and the matter has already been archived .
as you know , the action was taken even though the senate had ruled out the possibility , deeming it an infringement of freedom of expression on social networks .
homex long term
in effort to repay long-term debt without affecting short-term debt , the housing developer homex is placing securities exchange certificates on the market for 500 million pesos .
the issue is the first of four identical issues which are offering to repay interest every 28 days .
birth of competival
a consortium under the name competival has just been established , comprising the companies nyce , e-quality and kernet , leaders in information technology , the objective of which will be to market the services of software clusters in central and south america .
investments in this area exceed usd 1.5 billion .
hector &quot; hetin &quot; reyes : &quot; basketball has been my life &quot;
basketball globetrotter hector &quot; hetin &quot; reyes was involved in the sport for over 60 years and , thanks to it , travelled the world .
few people in puerto rico have a mental recollection of local basketball history as broad as that of héctor &quot; hetin &quot; reyes .
reyes was immersed in the sport for over 60 years before being confined to a wheelchair in 2008 following a stroke ; he was a minor league player , national superior basketball player , bsn representative and manager with the bayamón vaqueros or president of the basketball federation .
&quot; i wore lots of hats in basketball throughout my life , including several at the same time , like when i was president of the bsn , general manager and federative president of the national team during the &apos; 90s , &quot; recalled reyes during primera hora &apos;s visit to his home in bayamón , where he lives with isabel , his loyal wife for over 50 years .
&quot; basketball has been my life . &quot;
reyes is not exaggerating when he makes that statement .
the walls of his house are almost totally decorated with pictures and memorabilia denoting his long career , which goes to prove it .
bayamón at heart
of them all , the ones he treasures with the most emotion are the ones that remind him of his time spent with the vaqueros , from the mid-50s as a player until 1982 , when he completed 15 years serving as co-agent or agent of the franchise .
&quot; those were my best years , the ones i enjoyed the most because i had the opportunity to be part of the vaqueros &apos; eight championships , since 1967 , either as agent , co-agent or manager .
there were many good years , including the five consecutive championships from 1971 to 1975 .
and then i said goodbye with one in 1981 , jerome mincy &apos;s debut year in the bsn .
then &quot; cuco &quot; ortiz took over - he was a great manager &quot; said reyes .
i remember that gene bartow , who had directed here and was at the university of alabama ( birmingham ) , said to me &apos; i &apos;ve got a very strong player for you , 6 &apos; 7 &quot; tall .
do you want him ? &apos;
and that was the beginning of mincy , one of the best players puerto rico ever had .
bartow then recommended the sharpshooter gausse raymond , who established residency here and was one of our best shooters .
i remember him saying that if mincy had given bayamon one championship , gausse would help get another .
the vaqueros &apos; championship with gausse was enjoyed , but from a distance , because in 1988 he was already becoming a federative bigshot .
for that time , he preferred to enjoy his own and mincy &apos;s accomplishments in the national team .
i remember when we beat the united states for the first time during the 1989 pre-olympics in mexico .
then came the 1990 world cup , where we came fourth and it should have been bronze , but for the canadian referee who made us repeat the final play for the second time , said reyes .
is the 1990 world national team the best you &apos;ve ever seen ?
it &apos;s one of the best , as good as the one that beat the dream team in the 2004 olympics .
however , my favourite was the one in the 1991 pan american games in cuba , when we won gold and gave the us team a beating , which was quite similar to the time we won bronze at the world cup .
that team not only again included mincy , gausse , ramon rivas , fico lópez and &apos; piculín &apos; ( ortiz ) , but also the young ( javier ) &apos; toñito &apos; colón and james carter , the leon brothers ( francisco and edgar ) and mario &apos; quijote &apos; morales , who was kept out of the 90 team by a knee injury .
a team that maybe was not the best in terms of members , but which gave us a gold medal and was a great joy to work with , was the 1995 pre-olympic team in neuquen , argentina .
with role players such as &apos; canito &apos; nieves , pablo alicea and the young rolando hourruitiner replacing the players suspended after the shambles of the mar del plata pan-american games , we won gold against all the odds .
who was the best puerto rican player ?
without any doubt , piculín ortiz .
his numbers at international tournament level are awesome .
nobody in puerto rico has dominated at that level like piculín did .
not to mention his career in the various leagues he played in .
who was the best puerto rican manager ?
that &apos;s a difficult one .
we had a very good team , including julio toro , flor melendez , carlos morales , raymond dalmau , armandito torres .
of the youngsters , i really like the work of leo arill .
what do you consider your greatest achievement in the federation ?
having been part of the national team &apos;s most glorious era between 1988 and 1995 and in the early 90s the bsn had up to 17 teams in a season .
what was there left for you to do ?
there were things i &apos;d have liked to implement , such as regionalising the minor leagues .
for example , the boys of ponce only play in their area and only get to face teams from other parts of the island in the national playoffs .
right now the kids are riding and playing too much , unnecessarily .
at least i see the fruit of compulsory certifications and a course for leaders , table officials and referees .
that pleases me .
what are you doing now ?
the most i do is listen to music , watch music videos from my era on youtube , enjoy my grandchildren and occasionally go to basketball games .
and of course , enjoy the company of my wife , elizabeth , who has always been with me .
actor larry hagman dies
larry hagman , born on 21 september 1931 in fort worth ( texas ) , became world famous for his role as john ross ewing , better known as &quot; jr , &quot; in the television series &quot; dallas , &quot; in which he played a ruthless , malicious and manipulative businessman .
larry hagman , whose role as oil tycoon predator jr ewing in the television series &quot; dallas &quot; became a symbol of greed in the 1980s , has died .
he was 81 .
hagman , who returned this year as jr in a new season of &quot; dallas , &quot; died on friday afternoon of cancer complications , according to a family statement provided to the associated press by the warner bros. , producer of &quot; dallas . &quot;
&quot; larry was back in his beloved hometown of dallas , once again representing the iconic role he most liked &quot; the family said .
larry &apos;s family and closest friends were with him in dallas for the thanksgiving day holiday .
linda gray , who played his wife in the original series and the sequel , was with hagman when he died in a hospital in dallas , said her publicist , jeffrey lane .
he brought joy to all who knew him .
he was creative , generous , funny , loving and talented , and i will miss him dearly .
&quot; he was an original guy and lived life to the full &quot; said gray in a statement .
hagman was diagnosed with cirrhosis of the liver in 1992 and admitted that he had drunk a lot over the years .
in 1995 a malignant tumour as found in his liver and he underwent a transplant .
years before &quot; dallas , &quot; hagman became famous on television as a decent guy in the light comedy &quot; i dream of jeannie , &quot; aired on nbc from 1965 to 1970 .
he played captain tony nelson , an astronaut whose life is changed when he meets an attractive genie , played by barbara eden , and takes her home to live with him .
he also starred in two sitcoms that were not aired for long , &quot; the good life &quot; ( nbc , 1971-72 ) and &quot; here we go again &quot; ( abc , 1973 ) .
his film work included roles well received by critics in &quot; the group , &quot; &quot; harry and tonto &quot; and &quot; primary colors . &quot;
but it was his masterful interpretation of delightfully detestable jr that led to hagman reaching his peak of stardom .
the drama series on cbs about the ewing clan and other characters in their orbit aired from april 1978 to may 1991 .
the tagline &quot; who shot jr ? , &quot; designed to generate hype around an episode full of emotions in which hagman &apos;s character is nearly killed , generated international speculation and millions of risky dollars wagered in gaming establishments .
it also helped give the series a record audience at the time .
when the answer was revealed in an episode in november 1980 , an average of 41 million viewers tuned in and made &quot; dallas &quot; the second most watched entertainment programme in history , after the final episode of &quot; mash &quot; in 1983 , which had 50 million viewers .
it was jr &apos;s sister-in-law kristin ( played by mary crosby ) who shot him .
jr got her pregnant then threatened to say she was a prostitute unless she left town , but there were others who also had reasons to attack him .
hagman portrayed ewing as a corrupt insatiable man with a charismatic smile : a dishonest entrepreneur and cheating husband who tried to have his alcoholic wife , sue ellen ( linda gray ) , sectioned .
&quot; i know what i want on jr &apos;s tombstone &quot; hagman said in 1988 .
it should read : &quot; here lies the honest citizen jr ewing . &quot;
this is the only deal he lost .
victoria principal , co-star of the original series , recalled hagman on friday as someone &quot; huge , on and off screen . &quot;
he is unforgettable and irreplaceable , for millions of fans around the world , and in the hearts of each one of us who was fortunate enough to know and love him .
ten episodes of the new edition of &quot; dallas &quot; were broadcast a few months ago with great success for tnt .
he had already finished recording five episodes for the second series and a sixth was in process , the chain reported .
immediately after , there was no statement from warner or tnt about how the series would handle the loss of hagman .
hagman , born in fort worth , texas , was the son of actress and singer mary martin , who starred in classics such as &quot; south pacific &quot; and &quot; peter pan . &quot;
martin was still a teenager when she had him in 1931 during her marriage to lawyer ben hagman .
he tried his luck in the new york theatre scene in the early &apos; 50s , and later served in the air force from 1952 to 1956 , in england .
while there , he met the young swedish designer maj axelsson and married her .
the couple had two sons , preston and heidi , and lived for a long time in the californian city malibu , home to many celebrities .
in 2001 , he called his memoirs &quot; hello darlin &apos; : tall ( and absolutely true ) tales about my life . &quot;
&quot; i didn &apos;t put anything in it that i believed would hurt anyone or affect them in any way &quot; he told associated press at the time .
after his liver transplant , he became an organ donation promoter and worked as a volunteer at a hospital , helping fearful patients .
&quot; i advise them , encourage them , meet with them when they come for their surgery , and afterwards &quot; he said in 1996 .
i try to offer some comfort , such as &quot; don &apos;t be afraid , it will be a little uncomfortable for a short time , but then you &apos;ll be fine . &quot;
he was also an anti-smoking activist and took part in several campaigns .
start of a course that explores the &quot; end of the world &quot;
each week , students explore apocalyptic themes such as nuclear war , zombies , viruses and germs , and global warming .
this term , when professor of religion , stuart charmé , decided to give a course on the end of the world , he knew he had a compelling hook : the end of the &quot; long countdown &quot; of the mayan calendar , 21 december , which had convinced many people that the end of the world was coming .
but charmé had no idea what awaited him over the next couple of months : the cataclysmic hurricane sandy , a fiscal precipice some called &quot; debt armageddon &quot; and a growing conflict involving israel , where end-of-the-world christians theorists think the apocalypse will begin .
&quot; i didn &apos;t realise this was going to be the most apocalyptic term ever &quot; said charmé this week to students at rutgers-camden university ( new jersey ) .
if you look at what has been happening in the world today as if we were at 30 days and counting , this has been a really good period .
and remember that bad is good for those with an apocalyptic mentality .
and he is not the only professor who offers courses on the &quot; end of the world &quot; this term , theoretically the last in history .
at temple , associate professor barry vacker is giving the course &quot; media , culture and the end of the world . &quot;
each week , students explore apocalyptic themes such as nuclear war , zombies , viruses and germs , and global warming .
&quot; we looked at why these ideas proliferate over time &quot; he said , and how they offer hypothetical scenarios that guide human behaviour .
if nuclear material falls into the hands of terrorists , for example , a war could break out .
this month students analysed movies with an apocalyptic theme and explored how they compare with real-life examples .
&quot; i &apos;ve tried to inform students about what is possible , probable , credible and impossible &quot; said vacker .
at the main pennsylvania state university campus , latin american history professor matthew restall , and his colleague amara solari , an associate art history and anthropology professor , have teamed up to give a course , called simply &quot; the end of the world . &quot;
&quot; we don &apos;t add &apos; 2012 &apos; so we always have the option of running the course again , if the world doesn &apos;t come to an end &quot; said restall .
despite the &quot; impending doom , &quot; students have to study , undertake projects and take final exams .
at penn state , the final exam will be taken on the eve of the apocalypse , which leaves students no choice but to work &quot; until the very night the world is supposed to end &quot; said restall .
the courses proved quite popular .
&quot; it was fully booked within two hours &quot; said restall , on his course for students with high averages , which was filled with 35 students .
we received emails for weeks and weeks before the start of the term , from people asking if there were any places .
students , meanwhile , say the course is one of the most interesting around .
&quot; i find it fascinating to see what people do to console themselves &quot; said bridgid robinson , a 23-year-old post-graduate religion and sociology student from haddonfield , new jersey , at rutgers-camden .
and the apocalyptic , secular or religious mentality is just a matter consolation or a lack of it .
will wekesa , a 25-year-old post-graduate psychology and nursing student , said he had seen all the apocalyptic movies .
&quot; i &apos;d never heard of a class that could teach it &quot; he said .
i enjoy it .
but none of the students interviewed - much less any professor - said they believed in the end date of december 21st .
&quot; our first project was about the mayan prophecy and to a certain extent we discredited it &quot; said julie zeglen , a 21-year-old final year student at temple , from west chester .
the mayans never predicted the end of the world : it is just a key point in the calendar , said restall .
but he said that western culture suffers from apocalyptic anxiety , which goes back several centuries , in which people react to changes around them by predicting the end of the world .
the internet has caused a boom in these speculations .
&quot; in other places , people don &apos;t think about it &quot; he said .
it &apos;s mostly in the english-speaking world .
joseph dougherty , a professor of religion at la salle university , who is giving courses in the philippines this year , responded quickly to the question of whether he knew about any courses on the &quot; end of the world &quot; there .
&quot; the philippines are not taking part in the end of the world &quot; he wrote , suggesting an exception of a higher authority .
we have an indulgence from the pope .
restall noted that over the years there has been talk of many days of the last judgement , and said that if nothing happens on december 21st , &quot; people will immediately start thinking of the next date &quot; or philosophising that december 21st is the beginning of a seven-year period after which the world will end .
students and teachers are taking the date lightly .
some said they plan to go to &quot; end of the world &quot; parties .
&quot; maybe i &apos;ll call some friends so we can have a laugh together &quot; said samira ford , 20-year-old communications student .
